## Site 16

Published: 31 May 2017 on Canonn (https://canonn.science/codex/site-16/)

Content: Site 16 is an abandoned settlement in the HIP 83237 system on body 3 b, at 58.3358, -75.0357 (in Live/4.0) or at -26.4441, 143.7250 (in Legacy/3.8).

The location of this site can be found by following the three nearby listening posts located in:
HR 6514 / Wredguia IT-J b51-2 / Col 285 Sector KM-V b18-3

* * *

## Listening Posts

* * *

#### HR 6514 A

> 
> **LISTENING POST SIGNAL LOG**
> …Encoded Message MPG-270-A Detected…
> 
> Matches signal detected at listening posts: (wredguia it-j b51-2, col 285 sector km-v b18-3)
> 
> Approximate Signal Range: 31-33 LY
> 
> It’s been weeks and no word…. Iong:-75.0357 …we’re going to start losing people soon…..
> 
> …Signal Lost…
> [Note for 3.8] Codex displays values for 4.0, it should read: Iong:143.72519

* * *

#### Wredguia IT-J b51-2 A

> 
> **LISTENING POST SIGNAL LOG**
> …Encoded Message MPG-270-B Detected…
> 
> Matches signal detected at listening posts: (hr 6514, col 285 sector km-v b18-3)
> 
> Approximate Signal Range: 39-42 LY
> 
> lt’s been weeks and no word…. lat:58.3358 …we’re going to start losing people soon…..
> 
> …Signal Corrupted…
> [Note for 3.8] Codex displays values for 4.0, it should read: lat:-26.44374

* * *

#### Col 285 Sector KM-V b18-3 A

> 
> **LISTENING POST SIGNAL LOG**
> …Encoded Message MPG-270-C Detected…
> 
> Matches signal detected at listening posts: (hr 6514, wredguia it-j b51-2)
> 
> Approximate Signal Range: 56-59 LY
> 
> It’s been weeks and no word…. 3 b …we’re going to start losing people soon…..
> 
> …Carrier Signal Lost…

* * *

## Logs

There are Engineer Materials scattered around the ground, and next to the entrance of the settlement there is a Data Point which may be scanned for an Intel Package, and for Engineer Data.

Around the settlement there are five Settlement Comms Log Uplink points, scanning them gives background to the reason for its abandonment:

* * *

> 
> **SECRETS AND LIES 1/5**
> Personal Log:
> 
> We’re in bad shape. Somehow our food reserves have become spoiled. There was no sign of damage or tampering.
> 
> We started rationing and Mr Leon, our corporate liaison, has contacted the company to see if we can get resupplied.
> 
> If we can’t get more food then I don’t know what we’re going to do.

* * *

> 
> **SECRETS AND LIES 2/5**
> Personal Log:
> 
> It’s been weeks and no word from Corporate. Mr Leon just nods and says he’ll send another situation report and that the company is sending help as fast as it can.
> 
> I feel guilty, he is handling this really well and doesn’t seem to take all his ration. I don’t know how he does it. You have to admire the guy.
> 
> We’re going to start losing people soon. I don’t have the heart to tell them that we’re down to the last few scraps. Rationing isn’t going to save us.

* * *

> 
> **SECRETS AND LIES 3/5**
> Personal Log:
> 
> We cremated three more today. That makes seven dead in total. I fear the rest of us won’t be too far behind them. We’re all so weak now, barely able to keep ourselves going.
> 
> I don’t know what his secret is but Mr Leon seems to be the least affected by the lack of food. I’m starting to trust him less and less as the days go on. How can he look so well and not be as weak as the rest of us. He has to be hiding something.

* * *

> 
> **SECRETS AND LIES 4/5**
> Personal Log:
> 
> That lying sack of filth. I’m going to kill him!
> 
> He got careless, didn’t lock his door or log out of his terminal. Guess he thinks we’re all so weak that he doesn’t have to take precautions anymore.
> 
> Well I found out his secret. He’s been giving reports to Corporate alright, just not the kind we thought. And that’s not the only thing I found. They’re experimenting on us and that toad is helping them. He has memo after memo discussing the “initiative” as he calls it. The food was designed to go off, they planned it. He watched us struggle and die while he was back here with enough food to last us all for six months.
> 
> He watched and… and… took notes. I’m going to kill him!

* * *

> 
> **SECRETS AND LIES 5/5**
> Corporate Memo:
> Sent: 26 May 3286 06:23 UTC
> Ref: Site 16 no longer viable.
> 
> Site shutdown with immediate effect. All resources and confidential materials uploaded to core database.
> 
> Regarding ongoing situation: Corporate Liaison Mr Leon­ deceased. Cleaning squad sent to prepare site for next initiative cycle.
> 
> Commence site cleansing immediately.
> 
> Message ends.

* * *