## Stack

Published: 21 Dec 2017 on Canonn (https://canonn.science/codex/stack/)

Content: Stack is an abandoned settlement in the HIP 12099 system, on body 1 a, at -36.0714, 39.5148 (in Live/4.0) or at -72.6374, -67.5191 (in Legacy/3.8).

The location of this facility was given by an Unregistered Comms Beacon that can be found in the HIP 8887 system, orbiting body A 1.

The beacon transmits the following message, every hour, on the hour:

* * *

> 
> SECURE 9 14 18 1 HIP 7158 DELIVERY RECEIVED HIP 12099 1A SECURE
> (repeated four times)

* * *

The numerical sequence decodes by letter positions to INRA.

Stack was operated by the Intergalactic Naval Reserve Arm (INRA), a co-operative between the Federation and Empire that operated during the last war with the Thargoids. This facility appears to have had connections to the project that created the mycoid used against the Thargoids, operating as a thargoid live experimentation laboratory.

The facility contains a number of habitation modules, hangar or barracks buildings, and large tanks marked with the symbol for the mycoid weapon; the ground is stained in a manner consistent with leakage of the agent. A major feature is the experimentation pit (reached through a raised roadway) which seems to contains parts of Thargoids that have been experimented upon. There are collectable materials scattered around the site.

Within the facility there is a Data Point which may be scanned for an Intel Package, and for Engineer Data. The Data Point also will give you the waypoint for the site in the Navigation Panel.

* * *

## Logs

Around the facility there are four Settlement Comms Log Uplink points, scanning them gives some of the history of the INRA experiments:

* * *

> 
> **LIVING SPECIMEN 1/4**
> …Bypassing security protocols…
> …Secure connection established…
> …Personal log 1/4…
> 
> Complex molecular chains detected
> Bonds weakened by corrosive agent
> Unable to identify agent
> Structural analysis complete
> 
> Organic material analysed
> Possible contaminant identified
> Composition scan complete
> 
> Always the same results. I keep telling them: there’s only so much we can do with the samples we’ve been given. We need a living specimen.

* * *

> 
> **LIVING SPECIMEN 2/4**
> …Bypassing security protocols…
> …Secure connection established…
> …Personal log 2/4…
> 
> Apparently they listened to me. We’ve been asked to build some testing apparatus and a secure enclosure. I drew up a preliminary specification but was told that the enclosure needed to be more robust.
> 
> These creatures must be tremendously strong.

* * *

> 
> **LIVING SPECIMEN 3/4**
> …Bypassing security protocols…
> …Secure connection established…
> …Personal log 3/4…
> 
> The specimen arrived today. The security reports indicate that it made several escape attempts, the most recent of which results in a number of deaths. We must take every precaution.
> 
> The specimen appears to be in poor physical health, but it’s undoubtedly alive, and it will certainly serve our purposes.

* * *

> 
> **LIVING SPECIMEN 4/4**
> …Bypassing security protocols…
> …Secure connection established…
> …Personal log 4/4…
> 
> The specimen is highly resilient and seems to be able to withstand severe physical trauma, even to the point of losing limbs. I am reminded of pulling the legs off spiders as a child. Fortunately, testing on a nonhuman means no legal red tape to slow things down.
> 
> Tomorrow we will begin experimenting with chemical and biological weapons. These creatures may be tough, but we will find their weakness.

* * *

The HIP 12099 system is also notable as containing the crash site of the [Jameson Cobra](https://canonn.science/codex/cmdr-john-jameson-crashed-cobra-mkiii/), which is on body 1 b.

The INRA base found after Stack was [Taylor Keep](https://canonn.science/codex/taylor-keep/).