## Comms Facility 89563

Published: 30 Jun 2018 on Canonn (https://canonn.science/codex/comms-facility-89563/)

Content: Comms Facility 89563 is an abandoned settlement that has been attacked by Thargoids in the HR 1172 system on body A 5 b, at 31.5295, -125.0275 (in Live/4.0) or at -0.2572,  -67.6855 (in Legacy/3.8).

The location of this site can be found by following the three nearby listening posts located in:
HR 1185 / HIP 17892 / Pleiades Sector PD-S b4-0

* * *

## Listening Posts

[Note for 3.8] The Latitude and Longitude values are flipped.

* * *

#### HR 1185 A 5

> 
> **…LISTENING POST SIGNAL DATA…**
> …Unregistered Transmission BGK-163-A Detected…
> 
> Matching Signals Detected: (HIP 17892,Pleiades Sector PD-S b4-0)
> 
> Approximate Signal Range: 19-20 LY
> 
> Nothing…twelve…scanners picked…vessel…identified…Two…scout wing…hot…integrity…five per cent…landing…Iong:-125.0275…crew…managed to cut…auxiliary fuel…not much…sense…babbled…ship…delirious…As soon as…immediately.
> 
> …Transmission Ends…
> [Note for 3.8] Codex displays values for 4.0, it should read: long:-0.2561

* * *

#### HIP 17892 1

> 
> **…LISTENING POST SIGNAL DATA…**
> …Unregistered Transmission BGK-163-B Detected…
> 
> Matching Signals Detected: (HR 1185,Pleiades Sector PD-S b4-0)
> 
> Approximate Signal Range: 9-10 LY
> 
> Nothing…twelve..scanners picked…vessel…identified…Two…scout wing…hot…integrity…five per cent…landing…lat:31.5296…crew…managed to cut…auxiliary fuel…not much…sense…babbled…ship…delirious…As soon as…immediately.
> 
> …Transmission Ends…
> [Note for 3.8] Codex displays values for 4.0, it should read: lat:-676863 (value is missing a decimal point, it would be -67.6863)

* * *

#### Pleiades Sector PD-S b4-0 A 2

> 
> **…LISTENING POST SIGNAL DATA…**
> …Unregistered Transmission BGK-163-C Detected…
> 
> Matching Signals Detected: (HR 1185,HIP 17892)
> 
> Approximate Signal Range: 11-12 LY
> 
> Nothing…twelve…scanners picked…vessel…identified…Two…scout wing…hot…integrity…five per cent…landing…PLANET:A 5 b…crew…managed to cut…auxiliary fuel…not much…sense…babbled…ship…delirious…As soon as…immediately.
> 
> …Transmission Ends…

* * *

## Logs

* * *

> 
> **HUNTER AND HUNTED 1/4**
> Dispatch Report 89583-23: Lieutenant Commander Hurst to Admiral McTiernan
> 
> Admiral, we’ve been monitoring comms chatter for over a week and it’s clear the reports of anomalous activity are more than just rumours. Something’s out there, and it’s harassing civilian traffic. None of our patrols have spotted anything, but after collating data from comms recon we’ve been able to triangulate a rough location. I’m dispatching a scout wing to see if they can find anything. It’s probably just pirates or smugglers on a dry run, but you can’t be too careful.

* * *

> 
> **HUNTER AND HUNTED 2/4**
> Dispatch Log 89563-36: Lieutenant Commander Hurst to Admiral McTiernan
> 
> I have an update on my previous dispatch, Admiral. The communications officer lost contact with our scout wing – not just comms but sensors too. They just disappeared. The only thing we managed to pick up is part of a flight recording. Let me run the decryption for you:
> 
> What is that? Where the hell did it come from? Deploying hard points. All pilots to attack formation. This thing could be hostile. Sigma Two, do you copy? Sigma Three, move to attack vector. 
> 
> Can anybody hear me? Control, we have an unidentified bogie running interference with-

* * *

> 
> **HUNTER AND HUNTED 3/4**
> Dispatch Log 89583-39: Lieutenant Commander Hurst to Admiral McTiernan
> 
> Nothing for twelve hours, then at 03:00 the scanners picked up an incoming vessel. Comms identified it as Sigma Two from the scout wing, coming in hot, hull integrity at around five per cent. It was a rough landing. I scrambled the ground crew and they just managed to cut the pilot out before the auxiliary fuel line blew.
> 
> We couldn’t get much out of him – not much that made sense, anyway. He babbled something about an alien ship before the medics sedated him. My guess is he was delirious on account of oxygen deprivation.
> 
> As soon as I have more I will relay it immediately.

* * *

> 
> **HUNTER AND HUNTED 4/4**
> Dispatch Log 89563-41: Lieutenant Commander Hurst to Admiral McTiernan
> 
> It must have followed Sigma Two’s wake signal. It came out of nowhere, and somehow bypassed our early-warning systems. The facility’s automated defences went down before we knew what hit us. I scrambled every fighter we had, but it was on us before a single one could launch.
> 
> I’m watching the scanners now. It’s coming in for a second pass. Life support is down to twenty per cent. We’re not going to survive another attack. Admiral, if you receive this message you have to get the word out. They’re coming, and we need be ready to fight back.

* * *