# CD-43 11917
## CD-43 11917

		

## Summary

### Controlling Faction

CQC Holdings

### Government

Corporate

### Allegiance

Independent

### Population

250,000

### Security

Medium

### Economy

High Tech, Military

> 
> 
> Atlas was established in 3302 and has since had all records regarding its members' actions deemed classified. The permit for this system can be obtained by attaining prestige in CQC.
> 
> 
> — In-Game Description
> 

**CD-43 11917** is an independent system in the Core Systems within the Inner Orion Spur. It is the headquarters of the CQC Championship and the home of Elite-ranked or Prestiged CQC pilots. The system features Attilius Orbital, which offers 20-30% discounts on a number of weapons, modules, small and medium combat ships. Access to CD-43 11917 is permit-locked. It requires the CQC Home World Permit, which is only distributed to pilots who reach rank 50 in CQC and choose to "Prestige", which resets their rank.

## 

Contents

- 1 System Layout
- 2 Minor Factions
- 3 Notes
- 4 Gallery

## System Layout

- CD-43 11917 (Class K Star)
    - Ares (Earth-like World)
        - Attilius Orbital (Orbis Starport)
    - CD-43 11917 2 (Icy Body)
    - CD-43 11917 3 (Icy Body)
    - CD-43 11917 4 (Icy Body)
    - CD-43 11917 5 (Icy Body)
    - CD-43 11917 6 (Icy Body)

## Minor Factions

- **Benton's Gang** (Anarchy, Independent)
- **CQC Holdings** (Corporate, Independent)
- **Salleda State Systems** (Corporate, Federation)

## Notes

- The hangar displayed in the CQC Championship menu is located in Attilius Orbital.