# Imperial Intelligence
**Imperial Intelligence**, sometimes also called the **Imperial Intelligence Service**,^[1]^^[2]^ is the Empire's primary intelligence agency. Imperial Intelligence prefers to operate from the shadows, and shares its actionable intel with the Imperial Internal Security Service, which then publicly takes all of the credit for successful operations.^[3]^ The organisation has no spokespeople or public channels.^[4]^ Both the Federation and the Alliance believe, despite public denials from Imperial diplomats, that large numbers of covert Imperial agents operate in their territories under the remit of Imperial Intelligence.^[5]^ For many years, Imperial Intelligence made use of an undetectable dark-comms network called Omega Grid to coordinate its operations.^[6]^

## 

Contents

- 1 History
    - 1.1 Serene Harbour
    - 1.2 Accusations of NMLA ties and misconduct
    - 1.3 ACT cracks Omega Grid
- 2 Personnel
- 3 Timeline
- 4 Notes
- 5 References

## History

### Serene Harbour

Since the start of the Neo-Marlinist Liberation Army's terror campaign in September 3306, a number of Marlinists arrested by the Imperial Internal Security Service were turned over to Imperial Intelligence for interrogation at a covert prison facility on planet 3 b of the R CrA Sector AF-A d42 system named Serene Harbour. On January 20, 3307, Serene Harbour received a group of NMLA members captured in LTT 1935 who were designated "Theta Group". Commandant Gabriel De Luca personally oversaw their interrogation, but the prisoners proved unusually resilient. On January 26, a supply shuttle that was intended to delivered a new piece of interrogation equipment arrived, and is believed to have used Imperial Intelligence protocols to disable Serene Harbour's security systems, allowing all of the facility's prisoners to riot. The shuttle deployed a unit of Imperial soldiers who eradicated the prison's staff and all prisoners except Theta Group. The assumed ringleader of Theta Group, "Theta Seven", apparently used the interrogation equipment transported by the shuttle to torture Commandant De Luca to death before he, his cohorts, and the soldiers departed aboard the shuttle.^[3]^

A public distress signal activated by De Luca was picked up by Commander Elsa Solomon on January 28 as she passed through the Swoilz XX-D c1-30 system. She reported the signal to the Pilots Federation, who issued a general request to scour systems within an 80 light-year radius of Swoilz XX-D c1-30 for the signal's source.^[7]^ Later that day, Theta Seven himself sent an encrypted tranmission to the Pilots Federation containing the surface coordinates for Serene Harbour.^[8]^ Independent pilots discovered the Serene Harbour settlement soon after and recovered the commandant's personal logs. Based on what De Luca witnessed, it appeared that the NMLA had infiltrated Imperial Intelligence or had NMLA sympathizers within its ranks.^[3]^

Speaking on behalf of Imperial Intelligence on February 3, Senator Karl Nerva denied that Serene Harbour had any connection to the Empire, and insisted that Imperial Intelligence always operated within the bounds of the law and was adequately vigilant against all possible threats. He suggested Serene Harbour and its logs were a ruse crafted by the Federation. He also explained that while there was a Captain Gabriel De Luca who had previously worked for Imperial Intelligence, De Luca had died years ago, and mentions of his name in the Serene Harbour logs were likely the result of his identity being stolen.^[4]^

### Accusations of NMLA ties and misconduct

On January 4, 3308, Captain Saskia Landau of the IISS and Affiliated Counter-Terrorism unit publicly revealed that Imperial Intelligence used a classified dark-comms network called Omega Grid to transmit undetectable communications. Landau made the decision to out the covert technology after recognizing similarities between Omega Grid and the dark-comms network that the NMLA had used to evade authorities and plan its activities, and she believed that a member of Imperial Intelligence may have given the NMLA access to Omega grid. Although the Imperial Senate and Imperial Intelligence did not respond to Landau's calls for an investigation into the latter organisation's possible ties to the NMLA, several other IISS members spoke to The Imperial Herald anonymously and confirmed that Omega Grid was real and had been in use for many years.^[6]^

Senator Karl Nerva once again spoke out in defence of Imperial Intelligence on January 7, along with a group of colleagues. Nerva denied that Omega Grid was anything other than a fabrication to discredit the Empire, insisted Imperial Intelligence could not be investigated under any circumstances due to the sensitive nature of its operations, and called for ACT to be disbanded since it had fulfilled its original mandate of defeating the NMLA. Other senators called on Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval to overrule Nerva's faction and allow ACT to continue its inquiries.^[9]^ The Senate continued to refuse to authorise ACT to investigate Imperial Intelligence into January 17, when Captain Landau expanded on her theory and claimed that rogue elements of Imperial Intelligence likely provided training and equipment to the NMLA. Senator Nerva again called for ACT's dissolution, but Senator Caspian Leopold sided with Captain Landau and urged cooperation with ACT to reassure the public of Imperial Intelligence's integrity.^[10]^

Amid growing concerns about Emperor Arissa's ongoing absence from Capitol since entering senatorial protection in response to the danger posed by the NMLA in early 3307, the Senate released a brief message from the Emperor on January 27, 3308. Arissa assured the Empire that she was alive and well, and explained that she chose to accept senatorial protection after Imperial Intelligence informed her of an imminent attempt on her life planned by the NMLA and the presence of Marlinist sympathisers in the highest levels of government. The message was interpreted as an indirect affirmation by the monarch of Imperial Intelligence's unwavering loyalty.^[11]^

### ACT cracks Omega Grid

In defiance of orders from the Senate to cease operations, ACT's Inspector Mara Klatt issued a statement on February 1, 3308 revealing that the taskforce had begun investigating Imperial Intelligence. ACT was now convinced that Imperial Intelligence had aided the NMLA by providing the terrorists with a modified version of Omega Grid software, allowing them to build their own dark-comms network. Klatt also explained that thanks to Landau's inside knowledge of Omega Grid, ACT was learning how to detect a unique identifier associated with the NMLA's network. The Empire's reaction to this news was predominately outrage, with Senator Zemina Torval likening ACT's actions to hacking into Alliance Interpol or the Federal Intelligence Agency. However, Princess Aisling Duval, who believed that the Emperor remained in danger, proclaimed her support for ACT's investigation.^[12]^

ACT triangulated the location of an Omega Grid beacon in HIP 290 on February 3, and asked independent pilots to verify it and use a partially-completed cipher key to decrypt any files its contained. This would help ACT confirm its strategy and uncover more of the network.^[13]^ The beacon was found orbiting HIP 290 B 2 C, and it contained a single brief message from an individual named Torquatus that gave orders to cease searching for a new figurehead to lead the NMLA and focus on avoiding detection. Landau notified searchers on February 4 that the beacon's message most likely originated from Senator Ursula Torquatus, and with ACT's detection method now proven, a second beacon had been traced to the Saffron system. The second beacon was found near the starport Cresswell, and contained a message from one Alberto to Torquatus in which the former discussed fleeing Capitol with his family to avoid the scrutiny of the IISS. This message also implied that both parties were working with Karl Nerva. Landau confirmed this on February 5 and identified Alberto as Senator Alberto Gereon, then directed searchers to a third beacon in the Maidjin system that was found orbiting planet Maidjin 5 D. The next message finally put a name to the secret association that had propped up the NMLA: the Lords of Restoration. The message also confirmed that the Lords had hired Darkwater Inc to train NMLA recruits.

Landau located a fourth beacon orbiting Zhao Jin 5 A on February 6, and its message revealed the unsettling truth that Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval had been taken captive by the Lords and was being kept in a cryogenic pod in the Summerland system under Darkwater Inc's care. Torquatus ordered Darkwater to move the pod to another system after she learned from the Lords' agents in Imperial Intelligence that ACT had compromised Omega Grid. ACT dispatched specialist operatives to locate and recover the Emperor on February 7.

Upon receiving ACT's intel, Chancellor Anders Blaine ordered the Imperial Guard to engage Darkwater Inc in Summerland on February 9. During the battle, the Imperial Guard intercepted a ship attempting to flee the system and found a cryogenic pod containing the Emperor, who was immediately returned to Capitol and given medical attention at the Imperial Palace. The Imperial Herald published a special report on the Emperor's safe return and the Lords of Restoration conspiracy, which was confirmed to involve a group of senators and members of Imperial Intelligence and Darkwater Inc. In addition, the Imperial Internal Security Service opened an investigation based on ACT's findings, leading to the arrest of Torquatus, Gereon, Nerva, and several other conspirators.^[14]^ A detailed report on the Lords of Restoration released by ACT on February 14 confirmed that corrupt Imperial Intelligence agents had provided the NMLA with access to Omega Grid. These agents also deceived the Senate into accepting fabricated communications from a virtual doppelganger of Emperor Arissa following her abduction in January 3307, which effectively allowed the Lords to direct the Empire for a year.^[15]^

With the Lords of Restoration and the NMLA quelled, ACT was officially disbanded on March 7, 3308. In recognition of her key role in identifying the Lords, Captain Saskia Landau was awarded the Achenar Service Cross and given command of Imperial Intelligence by Emperor Arissa.^[16]^

## Personnel

- Current
    - Captain Saskia Landau - Head of Imperial Intelligence
    - Titus Torval - Senior officer

- Former
    - Captain Gabriel De Luca - Commandant of Serene Harbour (deceased)

## Timeline

07 MAR 3308

- The Alliance, Empire and Federation, have agreed to close down the Affiliated Counter-Terrorism unit. A joint statement from all three superpowers stated: "ACT's primary mission to locate and destroy the Neo-Marlinist Liberation Army has been successfully accomplished." ACT was formed in March 3307 following the Nine Martyrs attacks, when the NMLA simultaneously bombed multiple starports. The independent taskforce rapidly took the lead in investigating the terrorists, calling upon the resources of many agencies, specialists and freelance pilots. The co-leaders of ACT have now returned to their respective security services. Captain Saskia Landau was personally awarded the Achenar Service Cross by Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval, in recognition of her key role in identifying the Lords of Restoration. Landau has now accepted overall command of Imperial Intelligence, reporting directly to the Emperor. Captain Milo Castile, Inspector Mara Klatt, Praetor Leo Magnus and Senior Agent Tanya Ramirez have all been similarly commended for their successes. The joint statement also paid tribute to those members who lost their lives in the fight against terrorism. ACT was formed under the Cornelius-Lasky Convention, which was ratified at the Galactic Summit. The treaty requires governments to cooperate against large-scale threats to civilian populations, and is now commonly viewed as a historic achievement. Since it remains in force, ACT could be reformed in future if a similar threat to the NMLA arises.^[16]^

14 FEB 3308

- The Affiliated Counter-Terrorism unit has unveiled a secret cabal of Imperial senators who masterminded the NMLA's terrorist activity. The information was obtained after ACT successfully penetrated the NMLA's dark-comms network. Captain Saskia Landau provided this summary to the media: "Senators Gereon, Jourdain, Nerva, Scordato and Torquatus were at the heart of a powerful conspiracy to permanently remove the position of Emperor. They called themselves the Lords of Restoration, based on their aim to restore executive power to the Senate. The NMLA became their terroristic agents, weaponised to assassinate the Duvals and other obstacles. Its members were militarised at Darkwater training camps and provided with sophisticated equipment by corrupt Imperial Intelligence agents. But the Lords could never fully control the terrorist figurehead Theta Seven, whose attacks against non-Imperial starports were not part of their original plan. Marlinism was also exploited as a political lever. The hope was that, compared to this democratic ideology, citizens would view a senator-led Empire as a moderate compromise once the Imperial Family was gone. While this led to the establishment of the Marlinist Colonies, the Lords' later attempts to influence those systems via puppet politicians did not succeed. Following the assassinations of Prince Harold and other Duvals, the Lords abducted Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval in January 3307. She was kidnapped en route to a secure location, with Senator Nerva falsifying confirmation of her safe arrival. This allowed the Lords to engineer communications with the Senate via a virtual doppelganger, which were accepted as genuine since they were verified by Imperial Intelligence agents." ACT is working closely with Imperial security agencies to identify all those who collaborated with the Lords of Restoration.^[15]^

09 FEB 3308

- Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval has been found alive after being secretly imprisoned by the private military firm Darkwater Inc. The Imperial Herald published a special report on recent events: "The absence of the Emperor from public life for over a year has prompted much speculation. The Senate claimed that she was being kept safe from assassination attempts by the NMLA, and that they remained in contact with her. In truth, she was being held captive by the NMLA's secret benefactors. This group of Imperial senators referred to themselves as the Lords of Restoration. They were revealed only after ACT recruited independent pilots to help decipher the terrorists' dark-comms network. Chancellor Blaine immediately ordered the Imperial Guard into battle against Darkwater soldiers. A ship fleeing from the Summerland system was intercepted, aboard which was a cryogenic pod containing the Emperor herself. She was swiftly returned to Capitol, and is currently under the care of the Imperial Palace medical team. The IISS has launched a security operation based on ACT's information. This reveals that groups within the Senate, Darkwater and Imperial Intelligence formed a long-running conspiracy to fund and empower the NMLA. Senators Alberto Gereon, Karl Nerva, Ursula Torquatus and several others have been placed under arrest. ACT has stated that it will provide additional information soon."^[14]^

03 FEB 3308

- \*Pilots' Federation ALERT\*
The Affiliated Counter-Terrorism unit has launched an effort to locate and decipher the NMLA's dark-comms network. The request was sent by Captain Saskia Landau, one of ACT's co-leaders: "ACT is working to gain access to the Omega Grid version that was provided to the NMLA by its mysterious benefactors. Most of our agents seconded from the IISS have been recalled, and some Senate leaders are blocking our progress. Therefore, we urgently need support from independent pilots, which will contribute to our wider efforts to decrypt the network. To begin with, we have triangulated the possible location of an Omega Grid beacon somewhere within the HIP 290 system. If it can be found, this will validate our strategy and quickly lead to further discoveries. Messages relayed across this network are likely to be encrypted. Our analysts have put together a partial cipher key from other data. Any files recovered from the beacon may help with deducing the rest of the cipher. If the beacon in the HIP 290 system is found, any pilot who scans it can expect further instruction on subsequent days."
The partial cipher key is as follows:
A = H
B = G
C = J
E = L
F = K
L = Q
M = T
O = V
P = U
Q = X
S = Z
T = Y
U = B
V = A
W = D^[13]^

01 FEB 3308

- The Affiliated Counter-Terrorism unit is actively investigating Imperial Intelligence, despite the Senate ordering it to cease operations. Inspector Mara Klatt, one of ACT's co-leaders, told the media: "We are convinced that elements within Imperial Intelligence provided support to the NMLA. Our view is that a modified version of the Omega Grid software was supplied to the terrorists, allowing them to build their own dark-comms network. Thanks to Captain Saskia Landau's inside knowledge, we are learning how to detect a unique identifier associated with the network employed by the NMLA. Our actions may have political repercussions, but this taskforce is dedicated to finding and destroying the NMLA. We must follow the trail wherever it leads." Civil and military leaders in the Empire have reacted with outrage, including Senator Zemina Torval: "Are we expected to risk our citizens' lives by letting our security services be compromised? How might the Alliance or Federation respond if we attempted to hack into Interpol or the FIA?" However, a plea for cooperation was made by Princess Aisling Duval: "If nefarious groups within our Empire have helped the NMLA, we must uncover the truth. I firmly believe that the Emperor herself remains in danger, and ACT might help us to learn her fate."^[12]^

26 JAN 3308

- The Imperial Senate has shared a personal message from Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval, who has been in a secure location for nearly a year. The brief statement was broadcast on all public channels: "Citizens of the Empire, be assured that your Emperor is alive and well. I regret that my temporary seclusion has lasted for so long, but I have remained in contact with the Senate during this time. I was advised to depart from Capitol when Imperial Intelligence warned me about a legitimate NMLA assassination attempt, and of Marlinist sympathisers within the highest levels of our government. Once the work of this loyal agency is complete, I will continue my work in leading us toward a prosperous future." Eye on Achenar reported that this address was "welcomed by a relieved Empire", adding that it was vital to "root out all Marlinist traitors". The Imperial Herald noted that the Emperor seemed to absolve Imperial Intelligence of the allegations that it was secretly enabling the NMLA. However, a caution was sounded by Princess Aisling Duval: "Arissa has communicated with the Senate in the same manner for months, so this changes nothing. Only a public appearance will alleviate my concerns regarding her wellbeing. I would be delighted to host a suitable event if she will accept my invitation to attend in person."^[11]^

20 JAN 3308

- Princess Aisling Duval has discussed growing concerns over Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval's lack of public engagements in recent months. In an interview with The Imperial Herald, she said: "Chancellor Blaine assures us that the Emperor has been kept in seclusion for nearly a year to protect her from the NMLA. But why has this prevented the Empire's ruler from engaging with her citizens? After all, Hadrian Duval and his family were placed under the same senatorial protection without disappearing altogether. We know that the Emperor has communicated with the Senate on various matters during this time. Government channels are generally trusted thanks to Imperial Intelligence's verification protocols. But Captain Landau's recent testimony, which links Imperial Intelligence to the NMLA, has me concerned. How can I be sure that a breach to our most secure networks wasn't responsible for the location and murder of my father, Prince Harold? Until Arissa appears in person, it is irresponsible to assume her safety is guaranteed. I will be most relieved to have my fears proved wrong." Chancellor Anders Blaine responded: "With the greatest respect to Princess Duval, I have never had cause to believe that Her Majesty the Emperor is in any danger from her own security agencies. Her imminent return to public life should alleviate such concerns."^[17]^

17 JAN 3308

- There are claims that the Imperial Senate is preventing efforts to examine a potential link between the Empire's security services and the NMLA. Captain Saskia Landau has publicly stated that the terrorists' dark-comms network is closely related to the Omega Grid system used exclusively by Imperial Intelligence. She expanded on her theory in a statement to Vox Galactica: "Based on evidence and interrogation transcripts obtained by ACT, I believe that rogue elements within Imperial Intelligence were training and providing equipment to the NMLA. This would help explain the level of sophistication they achieved in coordinating their starport attacks and communicating without detection. There is certainly enough circumstantial proof to warrant a dedicated investigation. But the Senate is refusing to authorise this, which makes me wonder what they are trying to hide." Senator Karl Nerva reiterated: "It is time for ACT to devolve and return much-needed resources to the Empire where they belong." However, Senator Caspian Leopold responded: "To alleviate any lack of confidence in our security services, we should examine Captain Landau's allegation rigorously. Our citizens must be reassured that Imperial Intelligence exists solely for their protection."^[10]^

07 JAN 3308

- Senators have refuted ACT's claim that the NMLA made use of official but highly secret Imperial communications devices. Captain Saskia Landau maintains that the terrorist group's dark-comms network was very similar to the Omega Grid, an undetectable messaging system used exclusively by Imperial Intelligence. Senator Karl Nerva told the media: "In her desperation to seek out the NMLA, Captain Landau is chasing shadows. Imperial Intelligence must operate under total secrecy, but I assure you that this 'Omega Grid' is just as much of an invention to discredit the Empire as Serene Harbour was. Landau has overstepped her authority with these outlandish accusations. I once again propose that ACT be disbanded and its operatives returned to normal duties." The Imperial Herald reported that other senators are calling for Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval to overrule those who are blocking ACT's investigation. The newsfeed highlighted that she did not attend any functions in person during the past year, and has not broadcast any public messages. In response, Chancellor Anders Blaine gave this statement: "Her Majesty was placed under secure protection in early 3307 after several failed assassination attempts by the NMLA. She has been communicating remotely with the Senate on all official business, but does plan to return to Capitol very soon."^[9]^

04 JAN 3308

- A potential connection between the NMLA's dark-comms network and Imperial Intelligence has been made public by one of ACT's co-leaders. Captain Saskia Landau sent a personal statement to all major media outlets: "The majority of my career has been with the Imperial Internal Security Service, but I was seconded for a year to a classified project run by Imperial Intelligence. To coordinate their operations, they use a sophisticated communications system known as the Omega Grid. This is designed to avoid detection or interception by enemies of the Empire. I have reviewed ACT's research into the NMLA's dark-comms network and can verify its similarity to Omega Grid technology. Since this is exclusively under Imperial Intelligence's control, it suggests that an individual or group within the organisation was making it available to the NMLA. I'm aware that revealing this information publicly may end my career or even endanger my life. Nevertheless, I have shared my findings with ACT's leadership, and call upon the Imperial Senate to open an independent investigation into this evidence." As yet there has been no response from Imperial Intelligence or the Senate. However, several agents of the IISS have anonymously spoken to reporters from The Imperial Herald, verifying that the Omega Grid system does exist and has been in use for many years.^[6]^

08 NOV 3307

- The creators of the NMLA's caustic enzyme bombs have been arrested, although the terrorist figurehead Theta Seven remains at large. Theta Group is directly responsible for 17 starport bombings conducted by the NMLA across the core systems. These attacks resulted in a combined death toll of almost 800,000 people, with twice as many suffering serious injury. Senior Agent Tanya Ramirez, one of the Affiliated Counter-Terrorism unit's co-leaders, told the media: "We have finally tracked down the NMLA's bomb-making engineers, and a joint task force made the arrest with minimal casualties. Large quantities of Thargoid corrosives and explosive components were also seized. This achievement was only possible due to intercepting Theta Group's communications with Neo-Marlinist sympathisers. We are unsure why the NMLA's dark-comms network was not used in that instance. As our intel predicted, the group's leader Theta Seven was not among those we captured. We have confirmed that he and a handful of followers disappeared after the bombings in July, anticipating their imminent capture. ACT will not rest until the galaxy's most wanted terrorist has been brought to justice." The name 'Theta Group' was assigned to the bomb-makers during their incarceration at Serene Harbour, an Imperial Intelligence penal facility in the R CrA Sector AF-A d42 system. After escaping, their leader adopted his prisoner designation – Theta Seven – as a reaction to what he viewed as dehumanising treatment of Neo-Marlinists by the Empire.^[18]^

03 SEP 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
A new starport has become operational in the LTT 198 system, following Senator Zemina Torval's mining initiative. Torval Orbital will serve as the administrative headquarters for Torval-Mastopolos Mining. The company successfully competed against Wreaken Corporation to establish a presence within LTT 198. Marlon Royce, business analyst for Vox Galactica, observed: "Mastopolos Mining should be boasting about the positive start for its new subsidiary. Instead, its reaction has only confirmed the widening rift between the Mastopolos family and their corporation's majority shareholder, Zemina Torval. CEO Gabriella Mastopolos officially distanced herself from the offshoot company, claiming it 'hijacked our name with the intention of luring our clients'. And speaking to Imperial media, both Adrian and Elena Mastopolos criticised Constantia Torval's suitability to act as operations director. Speculation persists as to why the families have become estranged. For now, Zemina Torval seems to be focusing solely on her direct descendants. With her youngest daughter Petra Torval becoming a fellow senator, and grandson Titus Torval promoted to a senior role in Imperial Intelligence, the future seems bright for the Torval dynasty."^[19]^

19 MAR 3307

- Private investigators Erik Gunnarson and Francesca Wolfe review the Neo-Marlinist Liberation Army.
Gunnarson: "We don't usually get involved with political cases, but it's hard to ignore the largest terrorist attack in history. The NMLA is a radical offshoot of Marlinism, a democratic movement named after the Republic of Achenar's original ruler, Marlin Duval. Most are peaceful protester types, but Neo-Marlinists want to overthrow the government by permanently removing the Imperial Family. What nobody knows is how the NMLA went from minor troublemakers to interstellar terrorists. The starport bombings last September came from nowhere, and their assassins have killed many Imperial bigwigs including Prince Harold Duval. Smart money was on them being funded by Empire's enemies, but now the NMLA treat the Alliance and Federation as equal targets. Hitting all three superpower capitals was a hugely symbolic gesture, and should have been impossible. How did they bypass security and plant explosives without detection? Who the hell are these people? Even Wallglass doesn't have a clue. But we won't stop searching."
Wolfe: "Despite my enquiries – and some unauthorised snooping – there's no trace of the rumoured NMLA bomb factory in LTT 1935. But it did once exist, because the Empire captured its occupants. Not that they'll admit it. 'There is no such place as Serene Harbour', right? Well, I've been to R CrA Sector AF-A d42 3b and seen it myself. It's bleak. Hope-crushing. And yet the NMLA prisoners listed as Theta Group escaped, broken out by what seems like Imperial Intelligence double-agents. That genuinely scares me. If the NMLA can worm inside the most shadowy security organisation in known space, they could be anywhere. And none of us are safe."^[20]^

03 FEB 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
An Imperial Intelligence detention facility discovered in the R CRA Sector AF-A d42 system has been repudiated by the Empire. The outpost, named Serene Harbour, was located after its distress call was shared publicly by the Pilots Federation. According to the Commander Andee-X- who first investigated the site, all its occupants were dead as the result of what appeared to be a prisoner breakout. Unlike the Imperial Internal Security Service, the Imperial Intelligence organisation has no spokespeople or public channels. However, Senator Karl Nerva told the media: "The claim that high-security prisoners and terrorists are being tortured for information in an unregistered outpost is categorically false. There is no such place as 'Serene Harbour'. We believe that independent pilots have been duped by a Federal ploy to undermine the Empire, using fake locations and logs for theatrical effect. I assure all citizens that Imperial Intelligence operates fully within the law and remains vigilant against all threats." When asked about Commandant Gabriel De Luca, who was identified by surviving logs at the outpost, Senator Nerva replied: "Captain De Luca was indeed an agent of Imperial Intelligence, but died on active duty several years ago. It's obvious that this respected hero's identity has been stolen to add credibility to anti-Imperial disinformation."^[4]^

28 JAN 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
An encrypted message seems to provide planetary coordinates related to the mysterious signal from 'Serene Harbour'. The message received by the Pilots Federation was as follows:
Welcome to Serene Harbour. 56.4 latitude -8.3 longitude. Theta Seven.
Although this pinpoints a geographical area on a planetary surface, the astronomical location of this body remains a mystery. It is unclear whether 'Theta Seven' refers to additional map coordinates of some kind, or is a code-phrase intended for unknown recipients. Little is known about the original distress call, other than its brief content:
This is an emergency broadcast on all frequencies from Serene Harbour. We are –^[8]^

28 JAN 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
An independent vessel has detected a fragment of a mysterious message coming from an unexplored region of space. Commander Elsa Solomon was travelling through the Swoilz XX-D c1-30 system when her ship's communications array picked up a faint transmission. The message was as follows:
This is an emergency broadcast on all frequencies from Serene Harbour. We are –
The transmission ended abruptly and did not resume. The signal did not contain any identification data or indications as to its origin. Commander Solomon gave more details to Vox Galactica: "The message appeared in my comms panels as text and an electronically generated voice. I wasn't able to determine a source, only that it was broadcast within 80 light years of that system. My schedule was tight so I couldn’t spend long tracking it. I have no idea if Serene Harbour is a starport, a settlement or even a megaship, but this is obviously a mayday signal. Someone somewhere is in serious trouble. I've asked the Pilots Federation to share the information in case any of my fellow Commanders can help." To help triangulate the source, there is a callout to any other ships that were in the area at the time, which may have received a similar broadcast. However, no responses have been received as yet.^[7]^

04 MAY 3303

- Imperial despatches have confirmed that Commander Salomé, also known as Kahina Tijani Loren, was killed in the Arumclaw system on the 29th of April by a bounty hunter known as 'Besieger'. Salomé was escorted by several heavily armed vessels, but her Imperial Clipper 'Seven Veils' was nevertheless destroyed by weapons fire. Three commanders were seen fleeing Arumclaw shortly afterwards. Surveillance reports indicate that Salomé's co-conspirators – Raan Corsen, Tsu Annabelle Singh and Yuri Nakamura – remain at large. Moments after Salomé's destruction was confirmed, a transmission was detected in the Teorge system, leading to the discovery of a series of logs. The logs, which apparently date from 3275, contain nebulous assertions regarding a scheme from an unidentified super organisation to manipulate the Empire, Federation and Alliance. A number of factions tried to defend Salomé and her allies as they travelled from 46 Eridani to the core systems. Imperial intelligence is reportedly trying to identify the factions that supported the conspirators, but anecdotal reports indicate that many have already fallen into disarray in the wake of Salomé's death. "She was a force of evil who attempted to sow the seeds of conflict among those who strive for peace," said Princess Aisling Duval. "Her warmongering is at an end, and the galaxy is now a safer place. It's just a shame that so many innocent lives were lost before she was brought down." Admiral Denton Patreus refused to address claims that the bounty hunter was in his employ, saying only, "Let that be an end to this sorry affair".^[21]^

08 APR 3303

- A weak signal from the Col 70 Sector has been detected by listening posts in both Federal and Imperial space. The message is incomplete, but it appears to pertain to some kind of rally point. Meanwhile, Federal and Imperial intelligence services have confirmed that thousands of covert and coded messages have recently been transmitted in the vicinity of the Col 70 Sector. "Something is going on out there," said an unidentified member of the Imperial intelligence community. "We think it could be...her." A bounty has been issued for Commanders Salomé, Tsu Annabelle Singh and Raan Corsen, but with all three fugitives still at large, the Empire has increased the bounties to five million for Salomé and two million apiece for Singh and Corsen. An Imperial spokesperson reiterated that pilots should not attempt to communicate with these individuals, and should shoot on sight. Imperial intelligence services have also placed a bounty on one Commander Yuri Nakamura, referred to as 'Conformist Oboe XX' in an intelligence briefing given to the media. A two- million-credit bounty has been placed on Commander Nakamura.^[22]^

11 SEP 3301

- According to the office of Senator Denton Patreus, Imperial intelligence has discovered several bases belonging to Emperor's Dawn. Senator Patreus, who is leading the campaign against Emperor's Dawn, has issued a statement confirming that he is initiating a combat operation designed to destroy the insurrectionists. The senator made the following announcement to the press: "We are not dealing merely with treasonous sentiments here – we are dealing with a violent organisation that has shown itself willing and able to commit truly heinous acts. They have already taken the life of our beloved Emperor - where might their misguided rage fall next? We must act swiftly and decisively if we are to eliminate this threat to the Empire." Imperial forces have been mobilised for the operation, but independent pilots are also being called on to lend their aid. Senator Patreus is offering generous rewards to those who contribute to the campaign.^[2]^

05 AUG 3301

- It is with a heavy heart that we report that Emperor Hengist Duval died en route to the Imperial Navy Medical Facility near the Imperial Palace. Confirmation of the news came from Chancellor Anders Blaine, who appeared visibly upset. He confirmed that the Emperor died after being stabbed by a member of the congregation. Chancellor Blaine refused to provide any details of the attacker, but stated that a full investigation was underway. A source from the Imperial Intelligence Service told us that the attacker was a member of Senator Denton Patreus's party attending the wedding. The Senator was unavailable for comment. In the streets, the Imperial Naval Infantry has started ushering people home as the official period of mourning begins.^[1]^

## Notes

- Imperial Intelligence has also been called the "Imperial Intelligence Security Service" in a GalNet report,^[23]^ but this may have been an error due to its similarity to the Imperial Internal Security Service.