# John Tyburn
## John Tyburn

		

## Biographical Info

### Status

Deceased

### Died

December 13, 3307

### Gender

Male

### Home System

Baltah'Sine

### Allegiance

Empire

### Occupation

NMLA de facto leader and chief bombmaker

**John Tyburn**, better known by his nom de guerre **Theta Seven**, was the de facto leader of the Neo-Marlinist Liberation Army, as well as the group's top bombmaker. Described as an engineering genius, Tyburn originally worked as a munitions technician in Fontaine in the Baltah'Sine system before his pro-democracy activism caused the Empire to strip him of his job, his citizenship, and his family. Following a term in prison for sedition, Tyburn was recruited as a bombmaker by the NMLA. He received severe corrosive scars and injuries while experimenting on designs for the NMLA's signature Thargoid enzyme bombs. After being captured by the Imperial Internal Security Service at the NMLA's primary bomb workshop in LTT 1935 in January 3307, Tyburn and his fellow NMLA bombmakers were sent to Serene Harbour, a secret prison and interrogation facility operated by Imperial Intelligence, where Tyburn was given the designation Theta Seven. Tyburn and the rest of Theta Group were subsequently broken free by corrupt Imperial Intelligence agents in league with the NMLA's secret backers, the Lords of Restoration, and he renounced his original identity and went on to orchestrate multiple bombings, including Nine Martyrs.

From November to December of 3307, Theta Seven was considered the galaxy's most wanted terrorist. In his final days, he hijacked the Sacrosanct, a megaship belonging to the Far God cult, and diverted it to the Mudhrid system to rendezvous with the Neo-Marlinist vessel Steel Majesty. When this plan failed due to the intervention of ACT and Imperial forces, Theta Seven chose to kill himself and his thousands of hostages rather than surrender to authorities, and on December 13, 3307, he detonated multiple enzyme bombs that destroyed the Sacrosanct and all who were aboard.

## 

Contents

- 1 Biography
    - 1.1 Background
    - 1.2 Serene Harbour
    - 1.3 Terror of the galaxy
    - 1.4 ACT's most wanted
    - 1.5 Death
- 2 Timeline
- 3 Gallery
- 4 References
- 5 External links

## Biography

### Background

The man who would one day become the most notorious terrorist in the galaxy was born John Tyburn, an Imperial citizen of the city of Fontaine on the planet Baltah'Sine in the Baltah'Sine system. Tyburn worked as a munitions techncian and produced demolition charges for commercial mining operations, and had a wife and children. When his longtime support for Marlinism motivated him to begin actively campaigning for democratic reforms in the Empire, his idyllic life was dismantled. Tyburn was stripped of his job, his citizenship, and even his family, and he was sentenced to prison for sedition. Upon his release, the Neo-Marlinist Liberation Army recruited him as a bombmaker, and his skills allowed him to quickly rise to a position of seniority within the extremist group.^[1]^

At some point, Tyburn proposed weaponizing Thargoid enzymes, known for their corrosive qualities, in bombs capable of damaging starports. Tyburn's own experiments toward this goal failed to produce a functional design, however, and left him with severe scarring and other injuries. The NMLA turned to the Engineer Liz Ryder, a demolitions expert, and commissioned her to make a bomb design, but misled her about its purpose and the payload it would be given.^[1]^ Afterwards, on September 10, 3306, the NMLA carried out its first four starport bombings, marking the start of the deadliest wave of terrorism in human history.

### Serene Harbour

Tyburn was one of at least 12 NMLA members who were captured from the NMLA's primary bomb-making facility in the LTT 1935 system during a raid by the Imperial Internal Security Service. On January 20, 3307, IISS turned the group over to Imperial Intelligence for interrogation at the secret prison Serene Harbour in R CrA Sector AF-A d42, where the bombmakers were designated "Theta Group" as per the prison's protocol of dehumanization; the individual designation that Tyburn was given was "Theta Seven", and from then on, he ceased using his birth name. On January 26, a supply shuttle remotely disabled Serene Harbour's security systems, then deployed a unit of soldiers in Imperial uniforms who exterminated all staff and prisoners except Theta Group, whom they departed with. Theta Seven apparently tortured Commandant Gabriel De Luca to death before leaving.^[2]^

On January 28, the Pilots Federation requested a search for the origin of a distress signal from Serene Harbour picked up in Swoilz XX-D c1-30. In an audacious move, Theta Seven personally sent an encrypted message to the Pilots Federation containing the surface coordinates of the prison to assist the search.

### Terror of the galaxy

Theta Seven reemerged on March 11, 3307, after the NMLA carried out a coordinated attack on starports in nine major systems, including Achenar, Alioth, and Sol. In a broadcast claiming responsibility for the Nine Martyrs bombings, he declared that the Empire had robbed him of his name, family, and future, and that he would discard his original identity entirely and henceforth refer to himself only as "Theta Seven". He condemned the Alliance and Federation as supporters of the Imperial Family, and urged the people of the galaxy to rebel against the superpowers.^[3]^

When the NMLA bombed Stillman Hub and Tilman Point in the Marlinist Colonies on July 29, 3307 in retaliation for the defeat of Verity Dexter in the election for prime consul of the Marlinist Consulate, Theta Seven spoke in another propaganda broadcast. He declared that the Marlinist Colonies were not the rightful homes of Marlinists, and the people who had taken up residence there were nothing more than cowards and traitors to the cause of restoring the Republic of Achenar.^[4]^ The Affiliated Counter-Terrorism unit's investigation into the bombings confirmed on September 6, 3307 that Theta Seven, who ACT had determined to be the NMLA's de facto leader, had personally directed the Marlinist starport bombings, but he and the rest of Theta Group remained at large.^[5]^

By the time of the Dyson City bombing in Paresa on October 14, 3307, in which the NMLA attacked the headquarters of Nova Imperium in an unsuccessful attempt to assassinate Imperator Hadrian Augustus Duval and his pregnant wife, Lady Astrid Minerva-Duval, ACT had come to believe that Theta Group split into two after the Marlinist Colonies bombings. While part of Theta Group went on to carry out the Dyson City bombing, the other members, led by Theta Seven, went into hiding.^[6]^ This was confirmed on November 8, 3307, when ACT announced the capture of Theta Group, an accomplishment attributed to its members' unexplained abandonment of its dark-comms network. Theta Seven was not among those who were arrested, and remained at large.^[7]^

### ACT's most wanted

By November 12, ACT had turned its focus entirely towards capturing Theta Seven. The unit posted a reward of 750 million credits for the first person decipher a message thought to contain clues to Theta Seven's location. The encrypted message, which ACT obtained during the capture of Theta Group, had been received by Theta Group on July 31, shortly after the Marlinist Colonies bombings and Theta Seven's disappearance. Oddly, the message had also not been transmitted over the NMLA's dark-comms network.^[8]^

The message was solved by CMDR Therion Cygni on November 14 after eight cipher key pieces were found in the Marlinist Colonies disguised as ship traffic data logs. The deciphered message to Theta Group was:
"HAVE\_ARRIVED\_AT\_PANJABELL\_\_WEAPONS\_REMAIN\_SECURE\_\_I\_NO\_LONGER\_TRUST\_OUR\_BENEFACTORS\_OR\_THEIR\_NETWORK\_\_WE\_WILL\_BECOME\_INVISIBLE\_UNTIL\_THE\_TIME\_IS\_RIGHT\_TO\_STRIKE\_AGAIN\_\_".
Not only did the message confirm the NMLA had been supported by secret benefactors, but it explained the NMLA had ceased using its dark-comms network because Theta Group no longer trusted those benefactors. More pertinently, the message also revealed that its sender, most likely Theta Seven, had traveled to the Panjabell system with multiple weapons to go into hiding. Panjabell was associated with the Far God cult, which launched three missionary megaships in the system on August 6, 3307, only days after the Marlinist Colonies bombings.^[9]^^[10]^

ACT verified the deciphered message's contents on November 16, and determined that after arriving in Panjabell on July 31, Theta Seven had infiltrated one of the Far God cult megaships. Avoiding detection would have been a simple matter for Theta Seven, as the fringe religion required that its members renounce their past identities. Attempts to contact and warn the Perdition, Sacrosanct, and Testament did not go smoothly, however, as their crews assumed ACT had hostile intentions towards the cult based past persecution by security services and refused to cooperate.^[11]^ This news apparently spurred surviving NMLA groups to make a final stand, and on November 17, former members of the Neo-Marlinist Order of Mudhrid recaptured the Steel Majesty megaship in Hyades Sector RO-P c6-2 in the Marlinist Colonies with the help of Marlinism Reformation Party hardliners loyal to the late Minister Aaron Whyte and a majority of the NMLA's remaining fighters. The Marlinist Constabulary was unable to resist the Steel Majesty's takeover and was only able to evacuate half of the vessel's civilian crew before the Neo-Marlinist coalition seized operational control. ACT was alerted to the situation and summoned support from all available security services.^[12]^

Theta Seven himself reemerged on November 24 with his inner circle and hijacked the Far God cult megaship Sacrosanct, taking the cultists hostage and diverting the vessel to the Mudhrid system, where it took up an orbit over Mudhrid 2 A. ACT confirmed it had intel suggesting that multiple enzyme bombs were on the Sacrosanct, and the danger to the cultists' lives was credible. The Epsilon Fornacis Empire Group ordered Mudhrid's security service to shoot down any ship passing between the Steel Majesty and the Sacrosanct to prevent Theta Seven from transferring to the larger vessel.^[13]^ War erupted between the Neo-Marlinist Order of Mudhrid and the Epsilon Fornacis Empire Group on November 25. ACT warned that if the Neo-Marlinists prevailed in the Mudhrid conflict, they could provide Theta Seven with the opportunity to safely transfer to the Steel Majesty and begin the NMLA's campaign of terrorism anew.^[14]^ This worst-case scenario never came to pass, as an ACT commando unit covertly boarded the Steel Majesty, armed the hostage crewmembers, and retook the vessel on December 2, 3307. Although Theta Seven lost his chance at rescue, he and his followers remained in control of the Sacrosanct.^[15]^

### Death

The hostage situation continued into December 7. ACT was unable to negotiate with Theta Seven, and its commando unit could not board the Sacrosanct due to its unique design preventing external access. Fortunately, Theta Seven could not jump the Sacrosanct out of Mudhrid either, as the vessel's hyperdrive had been disabled by internal power failures likely instigated by the hostage cultists.^[16]^ With nowhere to run, Theta Seven chose death over surrender. On December 13, 3307, he broadcast a brief video where he stated, "The future will remember us," and then detonated the Sacrosanct's enzyme bombs, killing himself, the last members of Theta Group, and the thousands of cultists who had been taken hostage. The explosions from the bombs ripped the Sacrosanct in half. ACT co-leader Captain Saskia Landau subsequently issued an official confirmation that Theta Seven was dead, and his reign of terror had finally ended.^[17]^ The terrorist's original identity was uncovered by ACT on December 20.^[1]^

## Timeline

14 FEB 3308

- The Affiliated Counter-Terrorism unit has unveiled a secret cabal of Imperial senators who masterminded the NMLA's terrorist activity. The information was obtained after ACT successfully penetrated the NMLA's dark-comms network. Captain Saskia Landau provided this summary to the media: "Senators Gereon, Jourdain, Nerva, Scordato and Torquatus were at the heart of a powerful conspiracy to permanently remove the position of Emperor. They called themselves the Lords of Restoration, based on their aim to restore executive power to the Senate. The NMLA became their terroristic agents, weaponised to assassinate the Duvals and other obstacles. Its members were militarised at Darkwater training camps and provided with sophisticated equipment by corrupt Imperial Intelligence agents. But the Lords could never fully control the terrorist figurehead Theta Seven, whose attacks against non-Imperial starports were not part of their original plan. Marlinism was also exploited as a political lever. The hope was that, compared to this democratic ideology, citizens would view a senator-led Empire as a moderate compromise once the Imperial Family was gone. While this led to the establishment of the Marlinist Colonies, the Lords' later attempts to influence those systems via puppet politicians did not succeed. Following the assassinations of Prince Harold and other Duvals, the Lords abducted Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval in January 3307. She was kidnapped en route to a secure location, with Senator Nerva falsifying confirmation of her safe arrival. This allowed the Lords to engineer communications with the Senate via a virtual doppelganger, which were accepted as genuine since they were verified by Imperial Intelligence agents." ACT is working closely with Imperial security agencies to identify all those who collaborated with the Lords of Restoration.^[18]^

02 JAN 3308

- Sima Kalhana reviews the most newsworthy events of the past year in this series of articles.
"July began badly for the Federation, with more factions seceding in response to the Proactive Detection Bureau's establishment. The newly independent nations severed all links with these new surveillance efforts, inspiring many other systems to do likewise. This secession crisis would rumble on for the rest of the year. The Blue Viper Club, one of the rarely seen dredger clans, joined forces with the Kumo Crew to manufacture a medicinal drug that turned out to be a new strain of onionhead. The drug would ultimately end up being legally distributed by Neomedical Industries, causing Archon Delaine to seek revenge against the corporation. Tensions soared in the Marlinist Colonies during an election for the head of their diplomatic consulate. Aaron Whyte's candidate had the support of an Imperial senator, which would have given the Neo-Marlinists a powerful voice within the Empire. When a more moderate candidate was elected, the NMLA reacted by bombing both Marlinist starports, murdering tens of thousands including First Minister Jenna Fairfax. It seemed Theta Seven's extremist views allowed anyone to be targeted as an enemy, even his fellow Marlinists. The civil war concluded in August, with Whyte killed in battle as his supporters were overcome in direct combat. Following accusations of incompetence regarding the vanished Alexandria megaship, Aegis was officially suspended and subjected to a board of inquiry. This would have ramifications for the ongoing conflict with the Thargoids, and encourage Salvation to position himself as an alternative. In the corporate sphere, Zemina Torval created a new subsidiary of Mastopolos Mining that would eventually become an autonomous company. There were rumours that the Torval and Mastopolos families were now at loggerheads after decades of working in unison. In September, the mystery of Hyford's Cache was finally unlocked. The trail led to revelations of dark experiments which are believed to have involved human test subjects and Thargoid technology. When the Thargoids themselves appeared en masse in the Cornsar system, Salvation was ready for them. An anti-xeno superweapon of undisclosed nature was deployed, wiping out some of the aliens and driving away the rest. It seemed that the self-titled 'man of science' had developed something revolutionary, inspiring many to place their faith in him to end the Thargoid menace once and for all."^[19]^

31 DEC 3307

- The last in a series that reviews the events of the past year, by noted historian Sima Kalhana.
"October brought further controversy for the Federation, when a diplomatic conference in the Delta Pavonis system was revealed to be a honey trap designed to capture Yuri Grom. Only a rush of support for EG Union allowed their ruler to escape, causing political embarrassment for President Hudson. There was more corporate drama when Zemina Torval relinquished her long-held majority sharehold of Mastopolos Mining, fuelling rumours of a family rift with her cousins. Torval Mining Ltd became a fully independent corporation run by her daughter Constantia. The Colonia Bridge project officially started the first of two phases this year which would see the construction of 56 megaships between the Alcor and Colonia systems. Brewer Corporation enjoyed great public support for improving this travel corridor along the 22,000 light year journey, and revealed plans to enhance it further in the new year. Hadrian Duval, his wife Lady Astrid and their unborn child were the specific targets of another starport bombing by the NMLA. It proved unsuccessful, but did result in the Imperial Senate offering them protection in order to secure the Duval bloodline. It also led to a manhunt for Theta Seven, the galaxy's most wanted terrorist. In November, Orion University claimed that the dredger occupied by the Scriveners Clan was legally their property, but the nomadic descendants of its original crew refused to give up their home. The stand-off caught the public attention, with some supporting the clan's right to independence and others keen to discover what their Knowledge Core contained. Ultimately the Scriveners retained their freedom, sailing off into the void with their secrets intact. Many were shocked when Admiral Tanner, Aegis's military chief, went rogue and tried to force access to a starport controlled by Salvation's allies. His conviction that the anti-xeno superweapons were responsible for provoking the Thargoids was, however, not enough to win the day. The NMLA threw everything they had at the Mudhrid system in an attempt to rescue Theta Seven, who was hiding among the Far God cult to avoid capture. But the terrorists were crushed by ACT and a coalition of ships, with Theta Seven martyring himself by destroying the hijacked megaship Sacrosanct. A happier event in December was the birth of Hector Duval, son and heir of Hadrian and Lady Astrid. There were celebrations across the Empire, but also questions asked about the future of the Duval dynasty and if the child might one day inherit the Imperial throne. The year ended as it had begun, with Thargoid vessels swarming into nebula systems. But with incursions steadily increasing over recent months, there were fears that this time they might prove unstoppable. Salvation's superweapons were once again deployed to halt the aliens' progress, but will they be enough to prevent the Thargoids from threatening humanity in 3308?"^[20]^

28 DEC 3307

- The noted historian Sima Kalhana takes a look back at the turbulent events of the last year in a four-part series of articles.
"The start of 3307 was a time of crisis. The rise of the Neo-Marlinist Liberation Army (NMLA), the Marlinist refugee crisis and increased Empire-Federation tensions had brought a full-scale superpower war closer, with renewed attacks from the Thargoids increasing the pressure. All of this led to Pranav Antal's proposal of a diplomatic conference for all three superpower governments to work through their problems – the very first Galactic Summit. Within weeks, Sirius Corporation was selected as the neutral host for the conference. Li Yong-Rui scored another triumph by establishing the Marlinist Colonies for millions of political refugees who had fled from the Empire. In February came the trial of Fleet Admiral Vincent, accused of arranging Starship One's destruction back in 3301. His paymaster was revealed as Core Dynamics CEO Jupiter Rochester, who wanted to replace Federal democracy with direct corporate rule. His breakaway faction Jupiter Division was defeated in battle and Rochester himself jailed for life. This also led to Core Dynamics's acquisition of Lakon Spaceways being cancelled, leaving the Alliance to purchase a majority sharehold in the company. Key players on the political stage finally gathered when the Galactic Summit began in late February. The Sirius system hosted leaders from the Alliance, Empire, Federation and independent systems. Even pirate warlord Archon Delaine gatecrashed the event, causing controversy with his 'crown of bones' speech. It seemed for a while that the bickering between so many strong personalities might trigger a war rather than avert one. But gradually there was progress, with the possibility of a treaty to increase unity against the Thargoid threat. But before reaching this conclusion, the Galactic Summit was derailed by a threat from another source. Nine Martyrs – as named by the NMLA leader Theta Seven – was the largest terrorist attack in history. Hundreds of thousands were killed by starport bombings in nine systems, including the superpower capitals of Alioth, Achenar and Sol. This horrific tragedy ended the conference abruptly, but did give rise to some inter-power cooperation. A new agreement signed at the Galactic Summit allowed the Affiliated Counter-Terrorism unit (ACT) to be formed rapidly. Drawing on the superpowers' security services and other organisations, its sole purpose was to hunt down and eliminate the NMLA, a task that would dominate the headlines for the rest of the year."^[21]^

20 DEC 3307

- ACT has revealed the background of the man known only as Theta Seven, the NMLA's de facto leader who recently died in the Mudhrid system. Captain Saskia Landau gave this statement to the media: "A combination of investigative work and interrogating NMLA survivors has allowed us to confirm that Theta Seven's real name was John Tyburn. He was born and raised in the city of Fontaine on the planet Baltah'Sine, where he was a munitions technician constructing demolition charges for commercial mining. There is evidence that Tyburn was always a vocal believer in Marlinism, and became a pro-democracy campaigner. This eventually caused him to lose his job and serve a prison sentence for sedition. His Imperial citizenship was revoked, his marriage annulled and his children taken into state care. Upon release, Tyburn was contacted by the NMLA and radicalised to the Neo-Marlinist cause. He produced portable explosives for terrorist actions, and rose rapidly in their ranks. It was Tyburn's proposal to develop caustic enzyme bombs capable of damaging a starport, but his experimentation on these weapons resulted in injuries and corrosive scarring. They only became a reality following a workable design commissioned from the engineer Liz Ryder without her knowledge of its purpose." First Minister Octavia Volkov of the Marlinist Colonies commented: "It's unsettling to learn that this arch-terrorist grew up in the same place as I did and had similar experiences. John Tyburn might easily have been my fellow refugee from the Empire, or perhaps helped us form our republican society. This does not excuse his crimes, but it's all too clear how political persecution can give rise to monsters."^[1]^

16 DEC 3307

- The megaship Steel Majesty has travelled from Mudhrid to the HIP 22550 system and been renamed as Fairfax Vision. The Wells-class carrier was originally owned by the Neo-Marlinist Order of Mudhrid and used as a base for the NMLA terrorist group. After a military defeat, the vessel's crew sought political asylum in the Marlinist Colonies. The Steel Majesty later became the hub for Minister Aaron Whyte's followers during the Marlinist Civil War. More recently, NMLA activists retook the ship and unsuccessfully tried to rescue their leader Theta Seven. The Marlin Standard published this statement from First Minister Octavia Volkov: "I am delighted that the Marlinist Consulate has negotiated with the Epsilon Fornacis Empire Group to arrange for this megaship to be returned to us. We are renaming it in honour of my predecessor Dr Jenna Fairfax, who led millions to safety after our mass exodus from the Empire. The Fairfax Vision is now controlled by the Free Marlinists of Carinae faction, but will represent the colonies' parliamentary and diplomatic interests abroad. I hope that true Marlinism, and our progressive republican society, can now flourish peacefully."^[22]^

13 DEC 3307

- The NMLA's de facto leader and his closest followers have sacrificed themselves by destroying the Far God cult's megaship Sacrosanct. The hijacked vessel had been taken to the Mudhrid system by the remaining members of Theta Group, aiming to reunite with the NMLA. After this failed, ACT forces surrounded the Sacrosanct in the hope of rescuing the several thousand cultists being kept as hostages. Theta Seven broadcast a short video message, where he uttered a single phrase: "The future will remember us." He was then seen to manually detonate a series of bombs, which ruptured the Sacrosanct's hull and split the vessel in two. It is believed that the weapons also distributed Thargoid caustic enzymes throughout the megaship, thereby killing its entire population. ACT has released a statement from co-leader Captain Saskia Landau: "Tragically we were unable to save the lives of the Far God worshippers, despite several attempts to negotiate their safe conduct off the ship. Captain Castile's commando unit could not gain entry to the Sacrosanct in time, and we had no success trying to hack into its onboard computers. We can confirm that the most wanted terrorist in the galaxy is dead. But ACT's task is not yet complete, since there is much we still don't know about the NMLA. Our investigation will focus on learning more about their background, as well as targeting any surviving cells of activists."^[17]^

07 DEC 3307

- Terrorist ringleader Theta Seven is defying capture by holding thousands of Far God cultists hostage in the Mudhrid system. Vox Galactica published an on-the-scene report from freelance journalist Redmond O'Hara: "Although the NMLA has been defeated in Mudhrid, the Theta Group bomb-makers remain in control of the Sacrosanct megaship. With so many lives at stake, ACT has focused all its efforts to resolve this tense situation. We've heard that Senior Agent Ramirez and Inspector Klatt have both tried to open negotiations directly with Theta Seven. It is hard to imagine what they might offer him in terms of clemency, but they're obviously determined to prevent further deaths at the NMLA's hands. After speaking to one of ACT's tactical advisors, I can reveal that Captain Castile's commando unit tried and failed to board the Sacrosanct as it did the Steel Majesty. This is apparently because the vessel is specially modified to prevent external access, in order to provide the Far God cultists with a sanctified environment during their pilgrimage. Speaking of the cultists, they may not have accepted their predicament quite as passively as expected. Internal power failures detected within the Sacrosanct's hyperdrive systems may well be a result of sabotage, and would explain why it hasn't left the Mudhrid system. Perhaps in their own way, the Thargoid-worshippers are seeking justice for those murdered by Theta Seven's appropriation of their deity's 'holy' caustic enzymes."^[16]^

02 DEC 3307

- \*Pilots' Federation ALERT\*
The Neo-Marlinist Order of Mudhrid has been defeated by the Epsilon Fornacis Empire Group in the Mudhrid system. With the aid of many independent pilots, the Imperial faction outmatched the NMLA-supporting forces who were attempting to rescue their leader Theta Seven. Captain Saskia Landau provided an update from ACT: "Using the fierce fighting as cover, Captain Milo Castile led a commando unit made up of specialists from Alliance, Federal and Imperial security forces to gain access to the Steel Majesty. After freeing and arming the crewmembers that were being held hostage, they overpowered the NMLA troops and retook the megaship. We have successfully prevented Theta Seven and his followers from rejoining their fellow terrorists. But the Far God cult's vessel, the Sacrosanct, is still in the system under his control. Until the man responsible for hundreds of thousands of deaths has been captured, our victory over the NMLA remains incomplete." The Epsilon Fornacis Empire Group stated that those who supported its campaign can now receive their rewards from Payne-Scott City starport. The Imperial faction also agreed that independent pilots who fought for the Neo-Marlinist Order of Mudhrid will be permitted to collect payment from the Steel Majesty, which has been transferred to their ownership.^[15]^

25 NOV 3307

- \*Pilots' Federation ALERT\*
The Neo-Marlinist Order of Mudhrid and the Epsilon Fornacis Empire Group have declared war in the Mudhrid system. The Steel Majesty megaship is serving as the base of the Neo-Marlinist forces. These include many surviving NMLA terrorist cells that gathered to overtake the vessel from the Marlinist Colonies. Also in the system is the Far God cult megaship Sacrosanct, where the NMLA's de facto leader Theta Seven and the remnants of Theta Group have been in hiding for months. They recently took control of the vessel and are holding thousands of cultists hostage. The Neo-Marlinist Order of Mudhrid have offered a uniquely augmented enzyme missile rack to its highest contributors if certain objectives are met. Margrave Corentin Delacroix broadcast a call to arms: "All those who seek to topple the Duval dictators must fight alongside us here and now. Neo-Marlinism has no future unless its believers defend it." The Epsilon Fornacis Empire Group is orchestrating its campaign from Payne-Scott City starport. Senator Denton Patreus has requested that Imperial auxiliaries provide the faction with combat support. ACT's co-leader Captain Saskia Landau stated: "The NMLA clearly places huge value on Theta Seven's ability to produce caustic enzyme weapons, and has risked concentrating in large numbers to defend him. If he can transfer to the Steel Majesty and escape, the threat of further atrocities like the Nine Martyrs bombings will remain high."^[14]^

24 NOV 3307

- NMLA figurehead Theta Seven has taken control of the Sacrosanct megaship and redirected it to the Mudhrid system. Several months ago, the leader of Theta Group and his closest aides evaded capture by posing as members of the Far God cult. One of their pilgrimage vessels, the Sacrosanct, has now bypassed its scheduled flight plan and jumped to Mudhrid. ACT's joint leader Captain Milo Castile broadcast an emergency statement: "We can confirm that despite being few in number, the terrorists are in command of the Sacrosanct. Since Far God worshippers are pacifists and fatalistic in nature, it's likely that they offered little resistance. Theta Seven has stated that he will wipe out the vessel's entire population if any attempt to seize the vessel is made. Our intel suggests he possesses caustic enzyme explosives of the type used in the starport bombings, making his threat credible." Also in the system is the Steel Majesty megaship, recently overtaken by the Neo-Marlinist Order of Mudhrid. ACT believes that the NMLA is regrouping its forces and aims to provide protection for Theta Seven. Mudhrid's ruling faction, the Epsilon Fornacis Empire Group, has ordered system security to shoot down any vessels attempting to pass between the two megaships.^[13]^

19 NOV 3307

- The megaship Steel Majesty has arrived in the Mudhrid system after being taken over by NMLA terrorists. Its original owning faction, the Neo-Marlinist Order of Mudhrid, has officially reclaimed the vessel. Margrave Corentin Delacroix, the faction's new military ruler and the son of former Landgrave Arastin Delacroix, announced: "The Steel Majesty has returned home to fulfil its destiny. Be warned: should any ships attempt to board or attack, all the former crewmembers still onboard will be executed." Senior Agent Tanya Ramirez gave a statement on behalf of ACT: "Unfortunately, we cannot take action while hundreds of innocent people remain captive. But the NMLA's effort to assemble troops, supporters and resources must not succeed. Having the Steel Majesty as a mobile base will allow them to regroup for a new campaign of terror – especially if they manage to reach Theta Seven before we do." A spokesperson for the Epsilon Fornacis Empire Group, which controls the Mudhrid system, claimed: "The hostages should be considered lost as casualties of war. We are prepared to perform our duty for the Empire once again by destroying the Neo-Marlinist threat."^[23]^

17 NOV 3307

- A former Neo-Marlinist megaship has been overrun by NMLA terrorists in the Hyades Sector RO-P b6-2 system. The Steel Majesty was originally owned by the Neo-Marlinist Order of Mudhrid, one of the NMLA's key allies. After their defeat, it ferried many of them to the Marlinist Colonies where they were granted asylum by Minister Aaron Whyte. His faction then made use of the megaship during the civil war in August. Minister Jean-Christophe Lyon, the current leader of the Marlinism Reformation Party, gave a statement: "Despite our efforts to arrest any remaining extremists within our faction, a surviving group has gained access to the megaship. Security feeds show they were joined by several teams of well-armed NMLA fighters. The Marlinist Constabulary evacuated around half of the Steel Majesty's crew before the NMLA took operational control. Sadly, there is no way to free those still trapped onboard." The situation was addressed by ACT's co-leader Captain Milo Castile: "According to our intel, a majority of the NMLA's surviving cells have gathered together for this operation. We believe they were assisted by not only Aaron Whyte's loyalists, but also members of the megaship's original crew from the Mudhrid system. It is possible that this Neo-Marlinist coalition was formed as a result of us closing in on Theta Seven. We have requested additional support from all security services."^[12]^

16 NOV 3307

- \*Pilots' Federation ALERT\*
A decrypted message suggests that the NMLA leader Theta Seven avoided capture by infiltrating the Far God cult. ACT publicly requested help to decode a message received by Theta Group, the bomb-making engineers of the NMLA. The cipher key was cracked and the decoded message submitted by Commander Therion Cygni. It revealed that Theta Seven and his closest aides fled to the Panjabell system on the 31st of July. Captain Milo Castile, one of ACT's co-leaders, provided an update: "Our theory is that Theta Seven and his crew were travelling undercover as Far God worshippers, who were gathering in the Panjabell system in huge numbers at that time. Since all members of this religious order renounce their past identities, this would have helped the terrorists to avoid detection. The Pleiades Concordat and other factions in Panjabell are cooperating with our investigation. But it seems likely that Theta Seven is currently hiding aboard one of the three Far God megaships that were launched from the system on the 6th of August. ACT agents have attempted to contact the Perdition, Sacrosanct and Testament megaships to alert them of the danger. Unfortunately the cultists consider themselves to be on a sacred pilgrimage that cannot be impeded, and that their vessels are 'sanctuaries from further persecution by hostile security services'."^[11]^

12 NOV 3307

- \*Pilots' Federation ALERT\*
The Affiliated Counter-Terrorism unit has acquired an encrypted message that may reveal Theta Seven's location. ACT successfully captured most of the bomb-making engineers known as Theta Group, and has now prioritised hunting down the NMLA's de facto leader. This latest breakthrough was explained by Captain Milo Castile: "Theta Group managed to delete most of their data prior to capture, but we retrieved a short message that they received on the 31st of July. At this point most of Theta Group were being harboured by Neo-Marlinist sympathisers within the Marlinist Colonies, but Theta Seven and his closest aides had fled to an unknown destination. Unfortunately the message has been encrypted using a pre-arranged cipher key, without which its contents are unreadable. It is unclear why this wasn't transmitted via the NMLA's dark-comms network, which remains undetectable despite our best efforts. As it's possible that this was sent by Theta Seven, we welcome any assistance from the galactic community in decoding it. This ruthless terrorist must be tracked down before he can take more innocent lives." ACT has requested that all newsfeeds publish the encrypted message, which is as follows:
61-76-126-67-99-74-71-113-81-41-96-103-51-117-55-103-91-69-104-117-84-114-141-134-90-
108-90-79-115-95-102-102-98-76-91-57-83-104-92-99-96-78-79-83-132-115-80-106-91-150-
114-105-148-144-93-163-83-138-123-94-108-115-81-128-147-162-131-140-150-129-29-98-99-
59-74-125-55-123-107-112-98-108-82-91-124-71-75-111-109-95-129-89-155-135-98-131-149-
97-151-105-152-152-144-128-155-64-81-123-89-90-87-96-59-116-127-52-94-103-51-89-51-47-
98-88-61-112-112-111-129-147-124-153-134-109-87-114-121-80-90-113-111-153-131-84-104-
131-84-151-113-129-130-117-105-123-73-99-126-106-118-144-97-83-123-104-75-78-90-49
There is a substantial reward on offer for the first person to submit a correctly deciphered version of this message to ACT.^[8]^

08 NOV 3307

- The creators of the NMLA's caustic enzyme bombs have been arrested, although the terrorist figurehead Theta Seven remains at large. Theta Group is directly responsible for 17 starport bombings conducted by the NMLA across the core systems. These attacks resulted in a combined death toll of almost 800,000 people, with twice as many suffering serious injury. Senior Agent Tanya Ramirez, one of the Affiliated Counter-Terrorism unit's co-leaders, told the media: "We have finally tracked down the NMLA's bomb-making engineers, and a joint task force made the arrest with minimal casualties. Large quantities of Thargoid corrosives and explosive components were also seized. This achievement was only possible due to intercepting Theta Group's communications with Neo-Marlinist sympathisers. We are unsure why the NMLA's dark-comms network was not used in that instance. As our intel predicted, the group's leader Theta Seven was not among those we captured. We have confirmed that he and a handful of followers disappeared after the bombings in July, anticipating their imminent capture. ACT will not rest until the galaxy's most wanted terrorist has been brought to justice." The name 'Theta Group' was assigned to the bomb-makers during their incarceration at Serene Harbour, an Imperial Intelligence penal facility in the R CrA Sector AF-A d42 system. After escaping, their leader adopted his prisoner designation – Theta Seven – as a reaction to what he viewed as dehumanising treatment of Neo-Marlinists by the Empire.^[7]^

15 OCT 3307

- The Neo-Marlinist Liberation Army has taken responsibility for the attack on Dyson City starport in the Paresa system. The primary targets were Imperator Hadrian Duval and his wife Lady Astrid Minerva-Duval, who is pregnant with his child. Although they survived, the bombing left many thousands dead and injured. The following message was sent across NMLA propaganda channels: "As long as a single Duval is left alive, the Republic of Achenar cannot be rebuilt. It is our duty to extinguish that entire line and free our people from Imperial oppression." Praetor Leo Magnus gave a statement on behalf of ACT: "It is significant that this latest broadcast is not from Theta Seven, the NMLA's mouthpiece and de facto leader. We believe that Theta Group – the team of weaponsmiths that built the caustic enzyme bombs – has split in two. According to the communications we intercepted, Theta Seven and half of his followers went into hiding after the attacks against the Marlinist Colonies in July. The others continued their terror campaign and were responsible for this latest atrocity. ACT is currently pursuing leads and hopes to learn more soon." Nova Imperium has repeated a call for pilots to help rescue survivors from Dyson City in the Paresa system.^[6]^

06 SEP 3307

- The Affiliated Counter-Terrorism unit has reported progress in its efforts to eliminate the Neo-Marlinist Liberation Army. Captain Milo Castile, one of ACT's joint leaders, told a press briefing: "The recent civil war in the Marlinist Colonies was a tragedy, of course. But many pro-NMLA individuals were exposed during the conflict. Minister Jean-Christophe Lyon, the newly elected leader of the Marlinism Reformation Party, has cooperated fully in rooting out extremists from his faction. As a result, our agents have successfully raided dozens of NMLA cells and arrested several thousand paramilitary activists. We also acquired intelligence leading to hidden assets in multiple systems. I can confirm that Theta Seven – as the NMLA's de facto leader calls himself – personally directed the Marlinist starport attacks. Unfortunately, we have yet to confirm Theta Group's current whereabouts. The threat of further bombings cannot be ruled out. The NMLA has also been seriously impacted by the death of Aaron Whyte and the failure to elect a Neo-Marlinist prime consul. Without the legitimacy of a political wing, I believe the terrorists will find it much harder to recruit new allies."^[5]^

19 AUG 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
The conflict in the Hyades Sector RO-P b6-2 system has been won by the Exiled Marlinist Assembly of Baltah'Sine. Support from independent pilots played a key role in defeating the Marlinism Reformation Party. The faction's entire leadership has been arrested, with their replacements vowing to reshape it along politically moderate lines. Minister Octavia Volkov made a declaration of victory to the Marlinist Parliament: "The Neo-Marlinists have been crushed and Aaron Whyte is dead – a casualty of the war his terrorist paymasters began. I deeply regret that our society has suffered this, but have no regrets at destroying the NMLA's political wing once and for all." Prime Consul Kayode Tau sent assurances to the Alliance, Empire and Federation that they should view this as "confirmation that the Marlinist Colonies are your steadfast allies in the fight against the NMLA". ACT has drafted in extra resources to investigate the Marlinism Reformation Party's ties to Theta Group, the terrorist bomb-makers responsible for last month's devastating starport attacks. With First Minister Jenna Fairfax confirmed as among the fatalities, Acting First Minister Amrita Ross has organised a snap election to democratically appoint a new leader for the Marlinist Colonies.^[24]^

02 AUG 3307

- The NMLA's attacks against the Marlinist Colonies have caused mass casualties, disruption and political chaos. More than 35,000 civilians were killed in the attacks, with twice as many suffering injuries and caustic burns. Safeguard Interstellar is providing vital supplies to survivors, and evacuations of Stillman Hub and Tilman Point stations are ongoing. First Minister Jenna Fairfax has been confirmed dead. Minister Amrita Ross has temporarily assumed leadership, but the Marlinist Parliament has been destabilised by heated accusations between its members. The Marlinist Constabulary has tightened security, and ACT is running urgent investigations. Captain Milo Castile told the media: "This was undoubtedly the work of Theta Group, the NMLA's weapons specialists. We have found evidence that local Neo-Marlinist supporters provided logistical support, and arrests are forthcoming. However, as always the terrorists covered their tracks remarkably well." Alliance and Federation leaders have sent messages of condolence and offers of medical aid. Prime Consul Kayode Tau is liaising with both superpowers to coordinate relief efforts. In the Empire, from which the Marlinists fled as refugees in 3306, there are mixed reactions. Some wish to extend protection to former Imperial citizens, while others see it as poetic justice for their republican beliefs 'creating' the NMLA.^[25]^

29 JUL 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
The NMLA has bombed two starports in the HIP 22550 and Hyades Sector RO-P b6-6 systems in the Marlinist Colonies. Explosive devices were detonated at both Stillman Hub and Tilman Point stations. As is characteristic of weapons used by the NMLA, caustic enzyme payloads caused widespread corrosive damage. The combined death toll is in the tens of thousands, with many more injured. There are unconfirmed reports that First Minister Jenna Fairfax is among the fatalities. The following message was broadcast via NMLA propaganda channels: "Why are they bombing their own homes? Why would Theta Seven kill his own people? Because they are not our homes! Not my people! They are prisons, not colonies, where traitors to the cause beg for scraps from those who exiled them. True Marlinists will never stop fighting until the Republic of Achenar is restored." The attacks are believed to be in response to Verity Dexter failing to win a public vote to lead the Marlinist Consulate, where she would have represented the NMLA political wing. Prime Consul Kayode Tau, the elected candidate, announced: "I call upon the galactic community to provide humanitarian aid to Stillman Hub in HIP 22550 and Tilman Point in Hyades Sector RO-P b6-6. We urgently require ships to evacuate the people trapped within these starports to safety."^[4]^

14 JUN 3307

- The Affiliated Counter-Terrorism unit has published an update on its investigation into the Neo-Marlinist Liberation Army. Senior Agent Tanya Ramirez, one of ACT's joint leaders, gave a statement to the media: "ACT is currently pursuing multiple lines of enquiry, which must remain classified for reasons of security. Our agents are gathering evidence from sites across the Alliance, Empire and Federation. As yet we cannot report any significant breakthroughs. NMLA activists appear to use a dark-comms network that defies detection. They also compartmentalise their operations, so individual cells have little knowledge of each other. In recent months, NMLA incidents have been restricted to minor strikes against Imperial authorities, which were dealt with by local police forces. There has been no activity by Theta Group, the hardcore extremists responsible for the 'Nine Martyrs' starport bombings. The collapse of the Neo-Marlinist Order of Mudhrid may have deprived the NMLA of their logistical capability to deliver large-scale attacks. But it remains possible that a new wave of terrorist atrocities is being planned." ACT later confirmed that it has recruited additional personnel from Alliance Interpol, the Federal Intelligence Agency, the Imperial Internal Security Service, the Marlinist Constabulary, Nova Imperium's Praetorian Guard and the Wallglass Investigations Agency.^[26]^

19 MAR 3307

- Private investigators Erik Gunnarson and Francesca Wolfe review the Neo-Marlinist Liberation Army.
Gunnarson: "We don't usually get involved with political cases, but it's hard to ignore the largest terrorist attack in history. The NMLA is a radical offshoot of Marlinism, a democratic movement named after the Republic of Achenar's original ruler, Marlin Duval. Most are peaceful protester types, but Neo-Marlinists want to overthrow the government by permanently removing the Imperial Family. What nobody knows is how the NMLA went from minor troublemakers to interstellar terrorists. The starport bombings last September came from nowhere, and their assassins have killed many Imperial bigwigs including Prince Harold Duval. Smart money was on them being funded by Empire's enemies, but now the NMLA treat the Alliance and Federation as equal targets. Hitting all three superpower capitals was a hugely symbolic gesture, and should have been impossible. How did they bypass security and plant explosives without detection? Who the hell are these people? Even Wallglass doesn't have a clue. But we won't stop searching."
Wolfe: "Despite my enquiries – and some unauthorised snooping – there's no trace of the rumoured NMLA bomb factory in LTT 1935. But it did once exist, because the Empire captured its occupants. Not that they'll admit it. 'There is no such place as Serene Harbour', right? Well, I've been to R CrA Sector AF-A d42 3b and seen it myself. It's bleak. Hope-crushing. And yet the NMLA prisoners listed as Theta Group escaped, broken out by what seems like Imperial Intelligence double-agents. That genuinely scares me. If the NMLA can worm inside the most shadowy security organisation in known space, they could be anywhere. And none of us are safe."^[27]^

11 MAR 3307

- The conference in the Sirius system has ended prematurely after terrorist bombings against nine starports across the Alliance, Empire and Federation. Sirius Corporation confirmed that the cancellation was due to fears that Patterson Enterprise station may be the next target. All scheduled business, including finalising the Sirius Treaty, has been halted. The delegations are returning to their home systems under high security. Temporary permits for the Sirius system will remain in place for one week. Pilots who contributed to the security and trade initiatives held in partnership with the Empire can collect their rewards at the Spirit of Laelaps. Core Dynamics, Gutamaya and Lakon Spaceways will continue to offer a 10% discount on all their ships for one more week. The Neo-Marlinist Liberation Army has claimed responsibility for the simultaneous attacks in nine systems, including superpower capitals Achenar, Alioth and Sol. The following message was broadcast on NMLA propaganda channels: "I no longer have a name. Nor a family. Nor a future. Each taken by the Empire. Now all I have is the dehumanising number printed on my uniform in their torture chambers. Now all I am is Theta Seven. The Alliance and Federation's rulers have revealed themselves as imperialist supporters of the Duval dynasty, which has crushed our ideals for a thousand years. Peoples of the galaxy – you can change this. We give you your own Nine Martyrs. Use them to retake control and regain your power." Media newsfeeds are detailing the impact and implications of the attacks. There is speculation that NMLA activists were concealed among Marlinist refugees that fled to Alliance and Federation space to escape Imperial persecution. The Marlinist Parliament has officially stated it has "no connection to Neo-Marlinist extremists", and that it will cooperate with security and emergency services during this crisis.^[3]^

03 FEB 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
An Imperial Intelligence detention facility discovered in the R CRA Sector AF-A d42 system has been repudiated by the Empire. The outpost, named Serene Harbour, was located after its distress call was shared publicly by the Pilots Federation. According to the Commander Andee-X- who first investigated the site, all its occupants were dead as the result of what appeared to be a prisoner breakout. Unlike the Imperial Internal Security Service, the Imperial Intelligence organisation has no spokespeople or public channels. However, Senator Karl Nerva told the media: "The claim that high-security prisoners and terrorists are being tortured for information in an unregistered outpost is categorically false. There is no such place as 'Serene Harbour'. We believe that independent pilots have been duped by a Federal ploy to undermine the Empire, using fake locations and logs for theatrical effect. I assure all citizens that Imperial Intelligence operates fully within the law and remains vigilant against all threats." When asked about Commandant Gabriel De Luca, who was identified by surviving logs at the outpost, Senator Nerva replied: "Captain De Luca was indeed an agent of Imperial Intelligence, but died on active duty several years ago. It's obvious that this respected hero's identity has been stolen to add credibility to anti-Imperial disinformation."^[28]^

28 JAN 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
An encrypted message seems to provide planetary coordinates related to the mysterious signal from 'Serene Harbour'. The message received by the Pilots Federation was as follows:
Welcome to Serene Harbour. 56.4 latitude -8.3 longitude. Theta Seven.
Although this pinpoints a geographical area on a planetary surface, the astronomical location of this body remains a mystery. It is unclear whether 'Theta Seven' refers to additional map coordinates of some kind, or is a code-phrase intended for unknown recipients. Little is known about the original distress call, other than its brief content:
This is an emergency broadcast on all frequencies from Serene Harbour. We are –^[29]^

28 JAN 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
An independent vessel has detected a fragment of a mysterious message coming from an unexplored region of space. Commander Elsa Solomon was travelling through the Swoilz XX-D c1-30 system when her ship's communications array picked up a faint transmission. The message was as follows:
This is an emergency broadcast on all frequencies from Serene Harbour. We are –
The transmission ended abruptly and did not resume. The signal did not contain any identification data or indications as to its origin. Commander Solomon gave more details to Vox Galactica: "The message appeared in my comms panels as text and an electronically generated voice. I wasn't able to determine a source, only that it was broadcast within 80 light years of that system. My schedule was tight so I couldn’t spend long tracking it. I have no idea if Serene Harbour is a starport, a settlement or even a megaship, but this is obviously a mayday signal. Someone somewhere is in serious trouble. I've asked the Pilots Federation to share the information in case any of my fellow Commanders can help." To help triangulate the source, there is a callout to any other ships that were in the area at the time, which may have received a similar broadcast. However, no responses have been received as yet.^[30]^