# Jupiter Division
## Jupiter Division

		

### Leader(s)

Blanca Carbonell (Vice-Executive)
Jupiter Rochester (former Supreme Executive)

### Headquarters

Victory's Forge, Ts'ao Tach
HIP 54530

### Location

Federal space

### Type

Independent corporate republic

### Purpose

Reform the Federation into a corporatocratic government

### Established

February 5, 3307

### Dissolved

June 10, 3307

**Jupiter Division** was a Federation-aligned independent corporate republic originally based in the permit-locked HIP 54530 system that was formed from several breakaway departments of Core Dynamics and the minor faction HIP 54530 Gold Universal Group. It was named after and ruled by Supreme Executive Jupiter Rochester, the former CEO of Core Dynamics and a member of the prominent Rochester family. The organisation was mostly dismantled after it was defeated by the Federal proxy Silver Legal Group in February 3307, but the survival of a remnant aboard the megaship Victory's Forge, combined with continued defections from Core Dynamics and growing public support for Rochester's vision of replacing democracy in the Federation with corporatocracy, allowed Jupiter Division to regain lost ground within months.

In June 3307, Core Dynamics allied with Silver Legal Group to liquidate Jupiter Division once and for all and reclaim its remaining stolen assets. Supporters of the corporatist movement flocked to Jupiter Division's side in the Ts'ao Tach system as it attempted to defend itself and demonstrate it could survive without its founder. Silver Legal Group defeated it a second time, however, and the faction's remaining assets were absorbed by Core Dynamics subsidiary Core Enterprises. The fall of Jupiter Division gave rise to a corporatist extremist movement that called itself Jupiter's Wrath.

## 

Contents

- 1 History
    - 1.1 Founding
    - 1.2 Defeat
    - 1.3 Unfinished business
- 2 Timeline
- 3 References

## History

### Founding

During his tenure as CEO of Core Dynamics, Jupiter Rochester fostered a cult of personality among a number of departments, and also aggressively acquired new subsidiaries such as Vodel and staffed them with loyalists. These departments adopted the informal internal designation "Jupiter Division" and were run separately from the rest of Core Dynamics by Rochester himself, with designs of eventually splitting them off into a separate organisation.^[1]^

On February 5, 3307, when it emerged at the trial of Fleet Admiral Lucas Vincent that Rochester had conspired with Vincent to assassinate President Jasmina Halsey by sabotaging Starship One in 3301, Rochester's loyalists accelerated plans for the separation and began relocating to HIP 54530, and the system's controlling faction, HIP 54530 Gold Universal Group, officially assumed the name Jupiter Division.^[2]^ Jupiter Rochester himself fled to the system to evade arrest, and the revelations surrounding him spurred conspiracy theories that he was a member of a covert group of powerful figures.^[3]^ In a message broadcast on all Federal media channels on February 9, he proclaimed himself Supreme Executive and explained that in addition to being a corporate enterprise, Jupiter Division was intended to stand as a model of unfettered corporate rule and prove to the Federal populace that it was superior to democracy as a form of governance.^[4]^

### Defeat

In order to secure its presence in HIP 54530 and establish a base of operations, Jupiter Division went to war with the Silver Legal Group, a local pro-Federation minor faction that viewed Jupiter Division as a criminal enterprise and wanted to bring Jupiter Rochester to justice, on February 11. The Supreme Executive directed his forces from the megaship Victory's Forge and issued a call for assistance in the conflict to the galactic community. The Pilots Federation agreed to extend temporary system permits to pilots participating in the conflict. If Jupiter Division was victorious, it would retain permit-holder status and reward its supporters with permanent system permits, as well as a limited-time discount on outfitting at Northrop Enterprise.^[5]^ While the battle raged, Shadow Vice President Isolde Rochester publicly disavowed her eldest son on February 15 and pledged the Rochester family's assistance in bringing Jupiter to justice.^[6]^

The Silver Legal Group declared victory on February 18, and was awarded permit control of HIP 54530 by the Pilots Federation. While a small contingent of Jupiter Division escaped to the nearby HIP 55014 system, the Federal Intelligence Agency apprehended thousands of the organisation's members as well as Jupiter Rochester himself, who faced trial for his role in the Starship One disaster. Arrangements were also made for the return of stolen Core Dynamics assets.^[7]^ Jupiter Rochester was summarily sentenced to life imprisonment by the Federal Justice Department on March 5. Despite the collapse of Jupiter Division, the group's ideology inspired various Federal commerical networks and civil groups to form a new corporatist movement.^[8]^

### Unfinished business

Despite the loss of its military forces and the incarceration of its founder, Jupiter Division failed to dissipate. The faction repelled an attempt by Federal Navy forces to seize Victory's Forge, giving it an opportunity to regroup over the following months. Jupiter Division also benefitted from growing public support for corporatocracy in the Federation, and employees from Core Dynamics continued to defect despite vows from new CEO Owen McKenna to purge his predecessor's influence and subjugate Jupiter Division's remnant. The corporate republic eventually recaptured HIP 54530, spread its influence to Chi-1 Hydrae and Karkinicha, and then relocated Victory's Forge to Ts'ao Tach on May 27, 3307. Vox Galactica political correspondent Conrad Sterling reported on Jupiter Division's expansion on June 2, 3307, observing that the faction's future survival depended on whether it could gather sufficient support for the corporatist cause.^[9]^

Owen McKenna announced on June 3 that Core Dynamics had allied with Silver Legal Group to destroy Jupiter Division once and for all, as well as reclaim Core Dynamics' remaining stolen resources, and issued a request for assistance from the galactic community. Senior Jupiter Division leader Vice-Executive Blanca Carbonell immediately summoned the faction's supporters to come to its defence in Ts'ao Tach, as a victory in this second conflict would effectively vindicate Jupiter Division and its ideology, while defeat would likely exhaust it and lead to its permanent disbandment.^[10]^ Unfortunately for Jupiter Division, its supporters' efforts were not enough to keep the corporatist dream alive, and Silver Legal Group won the battle handily and declared victory on June 10. CEO McKenna informed the media that Jupiter Division and its remaining assets would be folded into Core Enterprises, a Core Dynamics subsidiary.^[11]^

## Timeline

28 DEC 3307

- The noted historian Sima Kalhana takes a look back at the turbulent events of the last year in a four-part series of articles.
"The start of 3307 was a time of crisis. The rise of the Neo-Marlinist Liberation Army (NMLA), the Marlinist refugee crisis and increased Empire-Federation tensions had brought a full-scale superpower war closer, with renewed attacks from the Thargoids increasing the pressure. All of this led to Pranav Antal's proposal of a diplomatic conference for all three superpower governments to work through their problems – the very first Galactic Summit. Within weeks, Sirius Corporation was selected as the neutral host for the conference. Li Yong-Rui scored another triumph by establishing the Marlinist Colonies for millions of political refugees who had fled from the Empire. In February came the trial of Fleet Admiral Vincent, accused of arranging Starship One's destruction back in 3301. His paymaster was revealed as Core Dynamics CEO Jupiter Rochester, who wanted to replace Federal democracy with direct corporate rule. His breakaway faction Jupiter Division was defeated in battle and Rochester himself jailed for life. This also led to Core Dynamics's acquisition of Lakon Spaceways being cancelled, leaving the Alliance to purchase a majority sharehold in the company. Key players on the political stage finally gathered when the Galactic Summit began in late February. The Sirius system hosted leaders from the Alliance, Empire, Federation and independent systems. Even pirate warlord Archon Delaine gatecrashed the event, causing controversy with his 'crown of bones' speech. It seemed for a while that the bickering between so many strong personalities might trigger a war rather than avert one. But gradually there was progress, with the possibility of a treaty to increase unity against the Thargoid threat. But before reaching this conclusion, the Galactic Summit was derailed by a threat from another source. Nine Martyrs – as named by the NMLA leader Theta Seven – was the largest terrorist attack in history. Hundreds of thousands were killed by starport bombings in nine systems, including the superpower capitals of Alioth, Achenar and Sol. This horrific tragedy ended the conference abruptly, but did give rise to some inter-power cooperation. A new agreement signed at the Galactic Summit allowed the Affiliated Counter-Terrorism unit (ACT) to be formed rapidly. Drawing on the superpowers' security services and other organisations, its sole purpose was to hunt down and eliminate the NMLA, a task that would dominate the headlines for the rest of the year."^[12]^

20 OCT 3307

- A pro-corporatist group planning a series of terror attacks has been shut down by the Federal Intelligence Agency. An update on the operation was delivered by Deputy Director Bethany Blake, who runs the Proactive Detection Bureau: "Special forces have now arrested the organisers of the underground organisation called Jupiter's Wrath. This was a collection of citizens radicalised by Jupiter Rochester into believing that they could replace democratically elected leaders with corporate overlords. This successful operation was only possible thanks to information provided by the PDB. Without this surveillance network, we would be entirely unaware of Jupiter's Wrath and many leading politicians may have lost their lives. Our analysts are now updating the PDB's algorithms to highlight citizens who are at risk of radicalisation. We will prevent domestic terrorism by identifying those being corrupted by hostile ideologies." In response, Congressman Bai Zheng was quoted in The Federal Times: "This is an unnerving development in the PDB's evolution. It's also what many of us in Congress feared. We are not targeting people who have committed a crime, but people whose personal opinions are unpalatable to the government."^[13]^

13 OCT 3307

- The Proactive Detection Bureau has been instrumental in identifying violent corporatist extremists within the Federation. Deputy Director Bethany Blake of the Federal Intelligence Agency gave a statement to the media: "In recent weeks, our surveillance algorithms flagged a series of coded communications for investigation. We found that a network of radicalised citizens were discussing plans to assassinate members of Congress and leading political figures. This movement, which calls itself Jupiter's Wrath, is inspired by Jupiter Rochester's failed attempt to enable corporations to directly rule the Federation. Their goal was to enact revenge on those who they consider to be the 'enemies of Jupiter Division'. Using data intercepted by the Proactive Detection Bureau, FIA agents performed a series of coordinated strikes in several Federal systems. Over a thousand armed extremists were arrested before they could act. We are currently working to identify the remaining Jupiter's Wrath members." Vice President Jerome Archer claimed that this was further validation of the Domestic Counter-Terrorism Act, which permitted the PDB to be established. However, Shadow President Felicia Winters commented: "I commend the FIA for performing their duties. But I also question the timing of this operation, coming so soon after President Hudson's appallingly reckless attempt to capture Yuri Grom. To me it seems calculated to show his administration in a positive light, while ignoring the violation of citizens' privacy."^[14]^

21 JUN 3307

- The fall of Jupiter Division has undermined the popular movement calling for the Federation to be governed by corporations. Conrad Sterling, political journalist for Vox Galactica, reported on developments: "Core Dynamics's recent victory in the Ts'ao Tach system dealt a severe blow to the corporatists. Many companies withdrew their support even before the last shot was fired, and plans for Jupiter Division to become the movement's central organisation have been abandoned. Sighs of relief were undoubtedly breathed through the corridors of power on Mars when this threat to the Federation's democratic principles was defeated. And yet, despite Congress downplaying it and many Federal newsfeeds neglecting to cover the story, calls for a corporatocracy have not been completely silenced. Citizens who seek an alternative to voting for either Hudson or Winters are still attracted to the idea. Would corporate rule be more honest? Opinions vary, but many supporters claim 'big business' already possesses true power behind closed doors. It now seems that history will record this as a path not taken. With Jupiter Rochester imprisoned and Jupiter Division dissolved, replacement figureheads for the corporatist movement are unlikely to arise in time to preserve it."^[15]^

10 JUN 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
The corporate faction Jupiter Division has been defeated by the Silver Legal Group in the Ts'ao Tach system. The breakaway faction from Core Dynamics was unable to resist efforts by its parent company to recover ships and resources. Jupiter Division will soon be subsumed by Core Enterprises, a subsidiary of Core Dynamics. Owen McKenna, the CEO of Core Dynamics, declared: "Thanks to the Silver Legal Group and other loyal allies of the Federation, we have finally crushed this criminal enterprise. Let this be an end to the delusions of Jupiter Rochester." Many newsfeeds believe that Jupiter Division's defeat will have a negative impact on the corporatist movement that has recently emerged within some Federal systems. Director Theodore Sullivan of the Silver Legal Group confirmed that those who fought on their side can now collect payments from the Iron Wings of Justice megaship in the Ts'ao Tach system.^[11]^

03 JUN 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
The corporate faction Jupiter Division is fighting for survival against the Silver Legal Group in the Ts'ao Tach system. Jupiter Division was formed by rogue Core Dynamics departments loyal to ex-CEO Jupiter Rochester. Although it was defeated in February, a growing corporatist movement within the Federation has helped rebuild its strength. A call to arms was made by Owen McKenna, the new CEO of Core Dynamics: "Rochester's deranged cult must be wiped out once and for all. We are supporting our ally, the Silver Legal Group, to destroy Jupiter Division's fleet and allow us to retake our stolen resources." Vice-Executive Blanca Carbonell, a senior leader of Jupiter Division, broadcast this message: "To all those seeking a better Federation – stand up and make your voice heard! Only direct corporate rule can end government corruption. Jupiter Division must survive to lead that change!" Two megaships, Victory's Forge and Iron Wings of Justice, are once again serving as the centres of operation for Jupiter Division and the Silver Legal Group. Political commentators believe that this second conflict will be a decisive one, determining whether or not Jupiter Division can survive without its founder.^[10]^

02 JUN 3307

- The Core Dynamics breakaway faction created by ex-CEO Jupiter Rochester has survived, by gathering believers in the corporate rule of the Federation. Conrad Sterling, political journalist for Vox Galactica, published this report: "With its military forces defeated in February, and its leader found guilty of mass murder and imprisoned for life, Jupiter Division should now be a footnote in the Federation's history. Yet in recent months it has steadily grown, retaking control of HIP 54530 and several neighbouring systems. Its megaship, Victory's Forge, even managed to repel Federal troops and remains under Jupiter Division's command. There is much speculation about the underlying reasons for this. Alongside general unrest with the Federation's current policies, there is a rising interest in Rochester's grand vision – replacing democracy with corporatocracy – among those wishing to see change. Many have flocked to Jupiter Division's banner, preventing its collapse. Core Dynamics, its parent company, has also continued to see defections within its ranks. However, new CEO Owen McKenna has vowed to destroy his predecessor's rogue department. It is possible that Jupiter Division's survival was only a brief reprieve, unless the corporatists can gather in sufficient numbers to sustain it."^[9]^

13 APR 3307

- There have been mixed responses to the Proactive Detection Bureau, which monitors private communications in the Federation for terrorist activity. Mainstream newsfeeds reported on the situation:
The Federal Times: "Civil rights groups are united in protest against the PDB. The controversy was also seized upon by the corporatist movement that was formed by Jupiter Division supporters. Their spokesperson stated: 'The government has overstepped its authority and must be replaced by direct corporate rule.'"
Sol Today: "Has everyone already forgotten Li Qing Jao station burning in the night skies above Earth? Whatever it takes to keep us safe must be done. Only people with something to hide demand secrecy."
Vox Galactica: "Professor Irene Ralston of Olympus Village University told us that her political history students received visits by FIA agents for researching Marlinism, despite it being on the curriculum."
The Tau Ceti Journal: "Corporations that incurred financial losses in the bombings have welcomed the PDB. But other businesses have submitted legal challenges, claiming a right to protect sensitive commercial information. Megacorps such as Caine Massey and Vandermeer are even threatening to withdraw political donations."^[16]^

05 MAR 3307

- Former Core Dynamics CEO Jupiter Rochester has received a summary judgement for multiple crimes against the Federation. The Federal Justice Department gave this statement: "The facts in the case of Jupiter Rochester are self-evident. His principal role regarding Starship One and Jupiter Division make him guilty of treason, mass murder and many other crimes. He will serve a solitary life sentence in a maximum security prison." Milandu Okoro of the Federal Attorney's Office expressed surprise: "It is highly unusual for the FJD not to litigate such a major case, considering we don't know the full extent of Rochester and Fleet Admiral Vincent's conspiracies. Unfortunately, our request to open a full investigation has been denied." Shadow Vice President Isolde Rochester has reiterated that her family were not involved with her eldest son's clandestine activities. Core Dynamics is continuing to rebuild after several departments separated to form Jupiter Division. Owen McKenna, the new CEO, has vowed to purge the company of all his predecessor's loyalists. Despite Rochester's failure to build a powerbase in the HIP 54530 system, his manifesto of placing the Federation under direct corporate rule has received praise in some regions. A corporatist movement, founded by commercial networks and civil groups, is gradually gaining popularity.^[8]^

18 FEB 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
Jupiter Division, the breakaway faction from Core Dynamics, has been defeated in the HIP 54530 system. The independent corporate nation met armed resistance from a local faction, the Silver Legal Group, which defeated them in battle with the aid of independent ships. Director Theodore Sullivan announced: "Thanks to the courage of many pilots, we have crippled the military forces behind this illegal coup and taken control of the system." Rewards for all who fought for the Silver Legal Group are available from the Iron Wings of Justice megaship in the Ts'ao Tach system. The Silver Legal Group has been awarded permit control to prevent any further compromise of Federal assets. Pilots without this permit can perform missions for the faction at the Iron Wings of Justice megaship in Ts'ao Tach to access the HIP 54530 system. Remnants of Jupiter Division confirmed that despite their defeat, all those who sided with them during the conflict will be reimbursed at the Victory's Forge megaship in the HIP 55014 system. The Federal Intelligence Agency has taken Jupiter Rochester into custody, where he will be charged for his involvement in the destruction of Starship One in 3301. Thousands of his loyalist followers have also been apprehended, and the return of stolen Core Dynamics ships and resources is being arranged.^[7]^

15 FEB 3307

- Federal citizens are in uproar after the former CEO of Core Dynamics was revealed to have destroyed Starship One to increase company profits. The trial of Fleet Admiral Vincent showed that Jupiter Rochester attempted to replace Jasmina Halsey with Zachary Hudson to secure military contracts with the Federal Navy. The Federal Intelligence Agency has arrested several co-conspirators, but its investigation is hampered by Jupiter Rochester loyalists splitting away from Core Dynamics. His new independent faction, Jupiter Division, has engaged in conflict against Federal forces in the HIP 54530 system. President Hudson has claimed ignorance of the assassination plot, but public opinion polls show a decrease of trust in the Republican Party. Many have voiced anger at such corruption at the heart of the Federation, calling for further investigations into the corporate sector's influence on government. Political embarrassment has also affected the Liberal Party, with Shadow Vice President Isolde Rochester attempting to distance herself from her eldest son: "Jupiter's horrendous actions were his alone, made completely without our knowledge. My whole family is appalled at his illegal activity. We have offered to aid the authorities in bringing him to justice."^[6]^

11 FEB 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
Jupiter Division ships have engaged in battle with rival Federal vessels in the HIP 54530 system. Loyalists to former Core Dynamics CEO Jupiter Rochester have built their own breakaway faction in HIP 54530. The FIA suspects that Jupiter Division agents first infiltrated the HIP 54530 Gold Universal Group years ago, and permit locked the system to conceal their efforts to overtake it from within. The self-appointed Supreme Executive Rochester declared: "The Federation is choking to death on its outdated bureaucracy – only corporate rule can save it! But first the galactic community must protect my followers, so I can establish a permanent base of operations." Director Theodore Sullivan of the Silver Legal Group announced: "We will not tolerate these criminals illegally controlling this system. Once victory is won, the Federation will be able to bring Rochester to justice." Jupiter Division has offered generous rewards to any pilots willing to help secure its presence in the HIP 54530 system. The Silver Legal Group has asked Federal auxiliaries to support its efforts to degrade Jupiter Division's military force. The Pilots Federation has agreed to supply all ships participating in this conflict with temporary permits to access HIP 54530. These will expire early on Thursday the 18th of February 3307. However, neither permanent nor temporary system permits apply to fleet carriers, since they are capable of ferrying vessels which could evade detection and authorisation.^[5]^

10 FEB 3307

- The acquisition of Lakon Spaceways by Core Dynamics has been revoked following revelations of illegal activity. An inquiry by the Independent Commission for Market Equality stated that former Core Dynamics CEO Jupiter Rochester "exerted unduly influence on Lakon shareholders, including bribery and blackmail". This led to new appointees to the board of directors, who were paid to approve the hostile takeover. The inquiry also factored in the recent Federal High Court trial, which proved that Jupiter Rochester was directly responsible for the destruction of Starship One in 3301. In both cases, he set up shell companies to move enormous funds via unregistered banking systems. Core Dynamics refused to comment on the allegations, but its legal team has terminated the transfer process. The entire corporation is currently in disarray due to several departments becoming an independent faction under the name Jupiter Division. At Lakon Spaceways, Trent Delaney and several other directors have resigned. During an emergency meeting, a majority of stakeholders approved reinstating Naomi Landseer as chairperson. With stock values plummeting and industry confidence low, the future of the company remains uncertain. However, Sirius Corporation confirmed that it has made preliminary offers with regards to acquiring Lakon as a subsidiary.^[17]^

09 FEB 3307

- Several departments loyal to the Core Dynamics CEO have seceded to form an independent corporate republic called Jupiter Division. During the recent trial of Fleet Admiral Vincent, Jupiter Rochester was named as the paymaster behind the sabotage of Starship One. This hastened long-term plans to abscond from Core Dynamics along with many ships and personnel. In the permit-locked HIP 54530 system, the HIP 54530 Gold Universal Group has been renamed as Jupiter Division. It is assumed to have long been infiltrated by Rochester's loyalists. Using the new self-appointed title of Supreme Executive Rochester, he broadcast this statement across all Federal media channels: "For many years, I helped Core Dynamics become one of the galaxy's strongest companies, but petty laws and bureaucracy restricted me at every turn. I have always felt that people should not be ruled by politicians, but by those holding true economic power – the corporations. It will be a long time before I can act on my commercial plans, but I will prove that corporate rule is the most beneficial system of governance for the Federation." Jupiter Rochester is the eldest son of Shadow Vice President Isolde Rochester, and a key member of the influential Rochester family. As yet there have been no public statements from his mother or siblings.^[4]^

08 FEB 3307

- A Federal High Court jury has found Fleet Admiral Lucas Vincent guilty of conspiracy to commit murder and treason. The court heard how Vincent worked with Core Dynamics CEO Jupiter Rochester to sabotage Starship One and assassinate then-President Jasmina Halsey, in order to increase military contracts. The Federal Times's crime correspondent Ethan Takahashi observed: "Within minutes of Vincent receiving a life sentence, Federal Intelligence Agency teams arrested several co-conspirators in the Federal Navy along with some government officials. Jupiter Rochester himself has evaded arrest by fleeing to the HIP 54530 system, where loyalists within Core Dynamics are establishing a breakaway faction named Jupiter Division. Industry analysts believe that this corporate split has long been planned, but is being accelerated because of the trial. Rochester's responsibility for the Starship One tragedy raises many questions, especially for his powerful family. It will certainly fuel the conspiracy theory that he is a member of a covert group of powerful figures, who manipulate events to benefit the military/industrial complex. However, a more plausible theory – that Zachary Hudson was responsible – now seems to have been debunked. Nothing presented in court suggested that the president had any involvement in, or knowledge of, the plan to eliminate his predecessor."^[3]^

05 FEB 3307

- Core Dynamics CEO Jupiter Rochester has been accused of collaborating with Fleet Admiral Vincent to orchestrate Starship One's destruction in 3301. As reported by Ethan Takahashi for The Federal Times: "Financial data was presented to the court showing that Vincent, along with others in government and the Federal Navy, received colossal payments via shell companies created by Jupiter Rochester's loyalists. The prosecution claimed that Rochester and Vincent were reacting to then-President Jasmina Halsey's intention to scale back military spending, which would impact Core Dynamics's profits. They arranged to assassinate her and lay groundwork for Zachary Hudson to be voted into power, knowing that his policies would result in further naval contracts. The defence argued that Halsey's testimony was unreliable, and that the financial data was obtained via improper methods so should have been inadmissible. It was also pointed out that the Rochester family had many enemies determined to besmirch their reputation. The jury has now been sequestered to determine a verdict. This means they are unaware of media reports that several Core Dynamics departments, known collectively as 'Jupiter Division', are transporting ships and personnel to the HIP 54530 system." Other sources confirmed that the HIP 54530 Gold Universal Group has officially assumed the name Jupiter Division, suggesting that it was heavily infiltrated by Rochester's loyalists. The faction has retained control of the permit-locked HIP 54530 system.^[2]^

02 FEB 3307

- Evidence presented at the trial of Fleet Admiral Vincent suggested financial links to Federal shipbuilding corporation Core Dynamics. This significant development was covered by Ethan Takahashi for The Federal Times: "The initial investigations around Starship One's destruction in 3301 were outlined by the prosecution. When the Federal Attorney's Office revisited this historical data, traces were found of financial transfers routed through non-Federation banking systems. The FAO brought in the expertise of the Wallglass Investigations Agency, which discovered that these transactions were made via shell companies created by Core Dynamics. Fleet Admiral Vincent, as well as several other naval officers, received billions of credits through these companies that went undeclared. Vincent refused to answer any questions about this evidence, once again claiming that he is the victim of a conspiracy to hand the presidency to Felicia Winters." Despite multiple requests from the press, Core Dynamics has not made any public comment. There are unverified reports of large-scale activity taking place at some of the corporation’s centres of operation.^[18]^

15 JAN 3307

- The purchase of shipbuilding company Lakon Spaceways by Core Dynamics is in doubt after allegations of illegal business practices. Irfan Karim reported on the recent developments for The Alliance Tribune: "The Independent Commission for Market Equality has confirmed that several Lakon shareholders sold their stock to shell companies, which were covertly established by departments within Core Dynamics. Furthermore, two serious accusations of blackmail have been referred to Alliance Interpol. Trent Delaney, Lakon's newly installed chairperson, has dismissed these claims. But coupled with serious rumblings from the Council of Admirals over losing a military supplier, this hostile takeover now looks less certain." In the Federation, the newsfeed Sol Today ran an editorial piece on the situation: "Acquiring Lakon is another bold triumph for manufacturing colossus Core Dynamics. It's a shame that it's being undermined by the petty bureaucrats of the Alliance, who should be gratefully grasping this financial lifeline. It's also laughable that CEO Jupiter Rochester, one of our titans of industry, is being stabbed in the back by old-fashioned colleagues who are clearly jealous of his success. Perhaps his 'Jupiter Division' has finally outgrown the corporation and deserves to forge its own path."^[19]^

13 JAN 3307

- An anonymous source within the shipbuilding corporation Core Dynamics has revealed details behind its hostile takeover of Lakon Spaceways. The nameless insider had previously stated that the acquisition of Lakon was the personal project of Core Dynamics CEO Jupiter Rochester. These additional claims were broadcast via Vox Galactica: "In the last few years, Rochester has purchased many companies based outside the Federation, such as Vodel. Lakon Spaceways is just the latest. It seems legal, but he manages these subsidiaries directly and installs his own people there. Some say he's diversifying his family's private holdings, rather than expanding the business. It's well known that several departments only follow Rochester's directives, and operate in silos unconnected with the rest of Core Dynamics. Staff refer to them as 'Jupiter Division'. Some offices even started using that name, like they're a separate company within a company. I've heard that some directors are unhappy with Rochester, but he's too well-connected to ever get rid of. It's thanks to him that we have so many military contracts. As always, the rich get away with anything." Core Dynamics declined to comment on this statement. Naomi Landseer, former chairperson of the Lakon Spaceways board of directors, has asked the Independent Commission for Market Equality to investigate further.^[1]^