# Lorcan Scordato
## Lorcan Scordato

		

## Biographical Info

### Status

Alive

### Gender

Male

### Allegiance

Empire

### Occupation

Senator (formerly)
Lords of Restoration member

**Lorcan Scordato** was an Imperial Senator and member of the Lords of Restoration, a group of senators and other collaborators who conspired against the Imperial Family. His role in the conspiracy was to influence the Marlinist Colonies using various puppet politicians, presumably including Minister Aaron Whyte, Verity Dexter, and Landgrave Arastin Delacroix, in order to legitimise the Neo-Marlinist Liberation Army, itself an instrument of the Lords, and normalise relations between Marlinists and the Empire.

In March 3307, Senator Scordato volunteered to travel to the Marlinist Colonies on a fact-finding mission, ostensibly to learn more about Neo-Marlinist sympathisers in the wake of the deadly Nine Martyrs attack. While undertaking this mission in April 3307, he reported favorably on the Marlinists. Later that month, Scordato played a central role in resolving an international crisis set off by the sudden arrival of Landgrave Delacroix and his Neo-Marlinist Order of Mudhrid faction, who had provided logistical support to the NMLA to carry out Nine Martyrs, in the Marlinist Colonies to seek asylum. Scordato not only negotiated for the Colonies to shelter the Landgrave's Neo-Marlinist followers, but he also persuaded Delacroix to give up the identities of the NMLA's senior leaders to the Affiliated Counter-Terrorism unit. However, this later proved to be a scheme to cast suspicion on and incite the assassination of a member of the Imperial Family. When it leaked that Delacroix had named Hadrian Augustus Duval as the NMLA's leader, a rogue Federal faction invaded Paresa in a rash attempt to take revenge against the young Duval for Nine Martyrs. Hadrian's allies defeated the invasion, and ACT subsequently concluded that the NMLA had falsified his identity to deceive Delacroix.

Scordato returned to Achenar in June 3307, and made the case to the Senate that the Empire should formally open diplomatic relations with the Marlinist Colonies. He next pledged to bestow the rank of patron to Verity Dexter of the Marlinism Reformation Party should she win the Colonies' election to decide the leader of the Marlinist Consulate, which would have granted Marlinists and Neo-Marlinists influence in the Imperial Senate for the first time. Dexter lost the election to the moderate candidate Kayode Tau, spelling the end of both Scordato's plans and the Neo-Marlinists' bid for political legitimacy.

In February 3308, ACT cracked Omega Grid and uncovered Scordato's ties to the Lords of Restoration. He and other conspirators were arrested by the Imperial Internal Security Service.

## Timeline

14 FEB 3308

- The Affiliated Counter-Terrorism unit has unveiled a secret cabal of Imperial senators who masterminded the NMLA's terrorist activity. The information was obtained after ACT successfully penetrated the NMLA's dark-comms network. Captain Saskia Landau provided this summary to the media: "Senators Gereon, Jourdain, Nerva, Scordato and Torquatus were at the heart of a powerful conspiracy to permanently remove the position of Emperor. They called themselves the Lords of Restoration, based on their aim to restore executive power to the Senate. The NMLA became their terroristic agents, weaponised to assassinate the Duvals and other obstacles. Its members were militarised at Darkwater training camps and provided with sophisticated equipment by corrupt Imperial Intelligence agents. But the Lords could never fully control the terrorist figurehead Theta Seven, whose attacks against non-Imperial starports were not part of their original plan. Marlinism was also exploited as a political lever. The hope was that, compared to this democratic ideology, citizens would view a senator-led Empire as a moderate compromise once the Imperial Family was gone. While this led to the establishment of the Marlinist Colonies, the Lords' later attempts to influence those systems via puppet politicians did not succeed. Following the assassinations of Prince Harold and other Duvals, the Lords abducted Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval in January 3307. She was kidnapped en route to a secure location, with Senator Nerva falsifying confirmation of her safe arrival. This allowed the Lords to engineer communications with the Senate via a virtual doppelganger, which were accepted as genuine since they were verified by Imperial Intelligence agents." ACT is working closely with Imperial security agencies to identify all those who collaborated with the Lords of Restoration.^[1]^

02 JAN 3308

- Sima Kalhana reviews the most newsworthy events of the past year in this series of articles.
"July began badly for the Federation, with more factions seceding in response to the Proactive Detection Bureau's establishment. The newly independent nations severed all links with these new surveillance efforts, inspiring many other systems to do likewise. This secession crisis would rumble on for the rest of the year. The Blue Viper Club, one of the rarely seen dredger clans, joined forces with the Kumo Crew to manufacture a medicinal drug that turned out to be a new strain of onionhead. The drug would ultimately end up being legally distributed by Neomedical Industries, causing Archon Delaine to seek revenge against the corporation. Tensions soared in the Marlinist Colonies during an election for the head of their diplomatic consulate. Aaron Whyte's candidate had the support of an Imperial senator, which would have given the Neo-Marlinists a powerful voice within the Empire. When a more moderate candidate was elected, the NMLA reacted by bombing both Marlinist starports, murdering tens of thousands including First Minister Jenna Fairfax. It seemed Theta Seven's extremist views allowed anyone to be targeted as an enemy, even his fellow Marlinists. The civil war concluded in August, with Whyte killed in battle as his supporters were overcome in direct combat. Following accusations of incompetence regarding the vanished Alexandria megaship, Aegis was officially suspended and subjected to a board of inquiry. This would have ramifications for the ongoing conflict with the Thargoids, and encourage Salvation to position himself as an alternative. In the corporate sphere, Zemina Torval created a new subsidiary of Mastopolos Mining that would eventually become an autonomous company. There were rumours that the Torval and Mastopolos families were now at loggerheads after decades of working in unison. In September, the mystery of Hyford's Cache was finally unlocked. The trail led to revelations of dark experiments which are believed to have involved human test subjects and Thargoid technology. When the Thargoids themselves appeared en masse in the Cornsar system, Salvation was ready for them. An anti-xeno superweapon of undisclosed nature was deployed, wiping out some of the aliens and driving away the rest. It seemed that the self-titled 'man of science' had developed something revolutionary, inspiring many to place their faith in him to end the Thargoid menace once and for all."^[2]^

15 JUL 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
Rival candidates have requested deliveries of data to help secure their bids to lead the Marlinist Consulate. The Marlinist Colonies are voting for who will be elected as their prime consul. This influential role will diplomatically represent all Marlinists and make broad decisions on their behalf. The first candidate is Verity Dexter from the Marlinism Reformation Party, which is acting as the NMLA political wing. She has the support of Senator Lorcan Scordato to be made an Imperial patron: "I am in a unique position to finally provide our people with a voice in the Imperial Senate, and to speak for Neo-Marlinists. As prime consul, I will negotiate a permanent peace with the NMLA." The second candidate, Kayode Tau of the Free Marlinist Movement, is focused on sustaining the Marlinist Colonies: "Neo-Marlinism and terrorism have no place within our republican ideals. I will strive to keep our systems independent, and to protect the rights of peaceful Marlinists everywhere." In order to help secure their campaigns, both candidates have requested deliveries of anomalous bulk scan data and unusual encrypted files. Shipments for Verity Dexter should be delivered to Stillman Hub in the HIP 22550 system, while those for Kayode Tau are expected at Tilman Point in the Hyades Sector RO-P b6-2 system. The Alliance, Empire and Federation have recognised the Marlinist Consulate as an ambassadorial body, and agreed that the election of its prime consul is a strictly internal matter.^[3]^

13 JUL 3307

- The Marlinist Consulate, established to represent Marlinists across the galaxy, has triggered political instability among the colonies. Local newsfeed The Marlin Standard detailed the situation: "The formation of the Marlinist Consulate will shortly conclude with the public election of its leader. The prime consul will serve as the official Marlinist representative to the superpowers, establish foreign embassies and make wide-reaching diplomatic decisions. One of the two leading candidates is Verity Dexter from the Marlinism Reformation Party, who promises to speak for the Neo-Marlinist fringe. The Free Marlinist Movement's candidate, Kayode Tau, directly opposes that position. Senator Lorcan Scordato has championed Dexter's bid, proposing that she be recognised as an Imperial patron to represent pro-Marlinist citizens of the Empire. Despite many protests, Chancellor Blaine concurred that patronage is within the purview of individual senators. Some Marlinists see this as a chance to finally obtain influence in the Senate, after centuries of being marginalised. Others are enraged at Neo-Marlinists gaining legitimacy and acting as the NMLA's political wing. The rift has affected parliament, where First Minister Fairfax again urged Minister Aaron Whyte to cease representing the NMLA and hand over all information to ACT. Whyte retorted that his diplomatic breakthroughs would soon make the counter-terrorism unit redundant."^[4]^

05 JUL 3307

- The NMLA paramilitary group has confirmed that the Marlinism Reformation Party faction now acts as its political representative. An anonymous statement was broadcast via the NMLA's propaganda channels: "We support Minister Whyte in representing the Neo-Marlinist cause and speaking on our behalf. Our objectives remain unchanged – the removal of the Duval family and democratic elections within the Empire." Reactions were covered by several newsfeeds:
The Imperial Herald: "Senator Scordato's proposal to open diplomatic relations with the Marlinist Colonies is already contentious. But could the Emperor ever accept dialogue with the extremists who tried to murder the Imperial Family?"
The Federal Times: "The idea of negotiating with terrorists is as abhorrent to the Empire as to the Federation. And yet, the opportunity to prevent another 'Nine Martyrs' cannot be ignored."
The Alliance Tribune: "In the absence of any breakthroughs from ACT, perhaps peaceful discussion is how we defuse the terrorist threat... even if that was the NMLA's endgame all along."
The Marlin Standard: "Many of our people welcome closer ties with the Empire, especially if it involves contacting friends and families left behind. But the NMLA using our parliament as its platform has caused widespread unrest. With Aaron Whyte being openly challenged by other ministers, a Marlinist civil war no longer seems unthinkable."^[5]^

28 JUN 3307

- A proposal for the Empire to formally open diplomatic relations with the Marlinist Colonies has been made by Senator Lorcan Scordato. The eight systems are populated by ex-Imperial citizens who fled to avoid persecution for their beliefs in Marlinism, which advocates democratic representation. Returning from a fact-finding mission to the colonies, Senator Scordato told the Senate: "The Marlinist community is primarily focused on peaceful co-existence alongside the Empire, rather than trying to reform the Republic of Achenar. And now that Minister Aaron Whyte speaks for the Neo-Marlinists, we have an opportunity to prevent further extremist actions via diplomacy." Although some senators agreed, others such as Denton Patreus stressed that "As a matter of honour and principle, the Empire does not negotiate with terrorists." Several newsfeeds observed that both the Alliance and the Federation are looking into opening formal diplomatic channels with the Marlinist Colonies. Similar debates have occurred in the Assembly and Congress regarding the acceptance of an NMLA political wing. First Minister Jenna Fairfax has repeated calls for the Marlinism Reformation Party to cease representing the Neo-Marlinist fringe. However, she also announced plans for a Marlinist equivalent to the Imperial Diplomatic Corps that would undertake ambassadorial duties.^[6]^

20 APR 3307

- The Neo-Marlinist Order of Mudhrid has been granted sanctuary in the Marlinist Colonies in return for revealing the identities of the NMLA's leaders. The faction's survivors arrived in the Hyades Sector RO-P b6-2 system after being defeated by Imperial forces. The Marlinism Reformation Party agreed to offer political asylum, despite all three superpowers demanding the refugees' arrest. Imperial Senator Lorcan Scordato, who was visiting the Colonies on a fact-finding mission, announced: "After meeting the Neo-Marlinists and the Marlinist Parliament, I have secured an agreement. The Landgrave of Mudhrid and his inner circle will cooperate fully with ACT to provide details on the senior leadership of the NMLA. In return, they will receive life imprisonment at a local detention facility. The Steel Majesty's population will undergo security vetting by the Marlinist Constabulary to identify extremists. The remainder will be permitted to remain in the system and apply for citizenship." Chancellor Blaine has approved the proposal, commenting that it was "precisely the sort of creative solution the Emperor requires". Responses from the Alliance and Federation were mixed, but there was broad agreement that targeting the NMLA was the priority. Minister Aaron Whyte, elected leader of the Marlinism Reformation Party, publicly thanked Senator Scordato for negotiating a peaceful resolution.^[7]^

09 APR 3307

- Senator Lorcan Scordato has visited the Marlinist Colonies on a fact-finding mission as part of the Empire's anti-terrorism operations. The Imperial Herald was permitted to publish this summary of his preliminary report: "Considering their recent refugee status, the Marlinist communities are remarkably well-organised. Their government works along republican lines but they have not abandoned Imperial culture, with many feeling homesick for their original worlds. However, their situation remains precarious, with three of their eight systems now under the control of external factions. Without increased support from the galactic community, further losses may be unavoidable. Regarding the NMLA, there is widespread anger that they have made all Marlinists look like monsters. Only rarely did I sense guarded approval, with the vast majority openly condemning the terrorists. The Marlinist Parliament is small but efficient, containing a spectrum of viewpoints. First Minister Fairfax is focused on cohesion and survival, Amrita Ross discussed future reintegration with the Empire, while Aaron Whyte sees Neo-Marlinism as a valid political movement if violence can be avoided. Months ago these were ordinary Imperial citizens, and our shared history still binds us. Generally, I feel that the Marlinist Colonies are closer to allies than enemies in our war against the NMLA."^[8]^

29 MAR 3307

- The fear of further starport bombings has placed internal and external pressure on the Empire to address the threat posed by the NMLA. Despite sharing intelligence via ACT, the Alliance and Federation have demanded that the Empire must do more to eradicate the NMLA, since it is 'Imperial in origin and ambition'. The latest developments were covered by mainstream media channels.
The Imperial Herald: "In the Senate, Chancellor Anders Blaine reported that the Emperor has instructed him to present a range of options. Senator Lorcan Scordato has volunteered to visit the Marlinist Colonies on a fact-finding mission, to better understand the political character of the Neo-Marlinist fringe."
Eye on Achenar: "The entire system is still shellshocked by the slaughter at Dawes Hub, a vicious stab at the heart of our glorious Empire. In our opinion poll, 93% of right-thinking citizens would send a fleet of Majestics to the murdering Marlinists instead of some soft-hearted senator."
Vox Galactica: "In most Imperial cities and settlements, anxiety levels remain high. The NMLA's ability to strike seemingly anywhere has rocked public confidence in the Empire's strength. Opinions on Marlinism itself are more polarised than ever, with accusations of 'warmonger' and 'collaborator' dividing many families and relationships."^[9]^