# Morag Halloran
## Morag Halloran

		

## Biographical Info

### Status

Deceased

### Died

09.08.3308

### Gender

Female

### Allegiance

Independent

### Occupation

Salvation's military coordinator
Commander of the Musashi (Formerly)
Commander of the Bright Sentinel
Alliance Defence Force Commodore (formerly)

Commodore **Morag Halloran** is a former officer of the Alliance Defence Force who became Salvation's military coordinator. In late 3306, she oversaw security arrangements for the Alliance's expedition to the Coalsack Nebula and the colonies subsequently established there. After Salvation successfully tested his anti-xeno superweapon in the Cornsar system in September 3307, Commodore Halloran resigned her commission to join the mysterious scientist, whom she and many other military officers and ship crewmen from the three superpowers believed was humanity's only hope to defeat the Thargoids. She was given command of the Taurus Mining Ventures Wells-class Carrier ***Musashi***, which was deployed to Delphi in December 3307 to build one of three additional anti-xeno superweapons as part of "Operation Tri-hammer".

Halloran was killed in August 9 of 3308 in HIP 22460, when the Proteus Wave backfired and the Thargoids destroyed the Bright Sentinel. Her remains were found 17 days later, floating among the debris of the bridge.

## Timeline

**Report from HIP 22460: ‘Salvation is Dead’**

25 AUG 3308

- It has been confirmed that Salvation, figurehead of Azimuth Biotech and creator of the Proteus Wave, was killed on board the Bright Sentinel. A segment of a transmission by an independent rescue team within HIP 22460 was shared with Vox Galactica by an anonymous source. The team was reporting back to the Musashi megaship, which has now returned to the T Tauri system. “Captain Qadir, this is Drummond. You’re not paying us well enough to be in this hellhole. There are Thargoids everywhere we turn. But we’ve found out what you wanted to know. It’s not good news.” “We finally managed to get close to the wreck of the Bright Sentinel, near where the bridge used to be. Bodies were drifting among the twisted metal, but fewer than we expected. We identified some of the command crew, including **Commodore Halloran**. But even before we got a positive ID scan, I recognised Dr Wycherley immediately. Nobody else could possibly look so old.” “He was still in his command chair, surrounded by shattered fragments of cybernetic implants, his portable medical sensors dormant. Despite his shredded and broken body, his eyes were frozen open. I reached out to close them, but a Thargoid interceptor suddenly warped in and we had to race back to our ship.” “I’m uploading all our data now, but I’m sorry to report that our primary target was not recoverable. Salvation is dead.” Azimuth Biotech has confirmed that it employed freelance specialists to locate any surviving personnel from the Proteus Wave project, and that their findings were believed to be accurate. No further statement has yet been made.

**Azimuth Claims ‘Thargoid Doomsday’ Imminent**

08 AUG 3308

- \*Pilots' Federation ALERT\*
Salvation’s anti-xeno superweapon is now complete and final preparations are underway in the HIP 22460 system. Commodore **Morag Halloran**, Azimuth Biotech’s military coordinator, broadcast this announcement from the Bright Sentinel megaship: “Salvation has confirmed that the Proteus Wave core mechanism is fully active. Calibration inside the Thargoid structure on the surface of HIP 22460 10b has successfully concluded. Power sources derived from Guardian designs are building to the required levels, and a final series of safety checks are currently underway.” “Upon detonation, the energy pulse generated by the Proteus Wave will cause catastrophic disruption to all Thargoid biomechanical technology within range. Every alien vessel in HIP 22460 will immediately cease to function. Salvation predicts that the wide-ranging impact of the superweapon will drive all Thargoids out of the core systems. In practical terms, tomorrow will be their doomsday.” “This is the culmination of years of research, coupled with Salvation’s revolutionary technology. The project could not have been realised without the military support of the Alliance, Empire and Federation. Azimuth is also grateful to those pilots who delivered vital materials and risked their lives to hold back the Thargoid fleet. Take pride in the knowledge that your courage and dedication will help bring an end to the Second Thargoid War.” The superpowers’ anti-xeno taskforces have sent out urgent calls for emergency support to prevent Thargoid forces from attacking the Proteus Wave site in these critical final hours.

18 FEB 3308

- \*Pilots' Federation ALERT\*
Commanders are resisting Thargoid incursions in the Dan, HIP 12314 and Nauni systems. Although Aegis support vessels have been repurposed to offer support in all three systems, the organisation remains officially disbanded. It has fallen to individual pilots to defend the populations from swarms of Thargoid vessels. The Alliance Defence Force, Federal Navy and Imperial Navy all intend to replace Aegis with their own anti-xeno taskforces, but these have yet to materialise. This was remarked upon by independent journalist Flint 'Firemaker' Lafosse: "We've got the Alliance trying to sell its own people to Sirius Corporation, the Empire somehow misplacing its own Emperor, and the Federation being torn to pieces by its crazy president… who's got time to worry about Thargoids? I'll tell you who: the civilians in the systems they're invading! Our so-called leaders are praying that Salvation will step in and save the day, but he could be an alien himself for all we know!" Commodore Morag Halloran, who serves as Salvation's military coordinator, was approached by Vox Galactica to comment on his strategy for combating the latest Thargoid activity: "Salvation is currently focused on further development of the anti-xeno superweapon. At present this is the most efficient use of his time and resources, rather than small-scale engagement. Rest assured that, before long, we shall take the fight to the Thargoids once more."^[1]^

17 DEC 3307

- The recent counterstrike against the Thargoids has revealed that Salvation is being unofficially supported by trained military personnel. Commodore Morag Halloran was a senior officer with the Alliance Defence Force who is now working for Salvation. She sent this statement to the media: "Over the last few years, I have fought hard to protect Allied interests from the Thargoids. But every battle against them felt like a defensive measure, a holding action. I'm convinced that these creatures are more than capable of wiping us all out. When an entire Thargoid fleet was forced out of the Cornsar system in September, I approached the Council of Admirals about sending ships to help, but my proposal was rejected. Then Salvation contacted me directly, saying that he required military leadership and my experiences in the Coalsack Nebula made me an ideal candidate. Along with Lieutenant Commander Glynn and nearly a hundred crewmates, we resigned our commissions and headed for Hind Mine. I now command many others who were recruited from the Federal, Imperial and Sirius Navies to serve on the Taurus megaships and elsewhere. I'm aware that some will view my actions as dereliction of duty, but I believe our true duty is to stop the Thargoids at any cost. And as our recent success proves, only Salvation has the means of doing so." The Alliance Assembly, Federal Congress and Imperial Senate have all acknowledged the loss of some military personnel to Salvation's cause. While efforts are being made to prevent further losses, it is rumoured that potential concessions include official support for Salvation's anti-xeno activities.^[2]^

15 DEC 3307

- Salvation has confirmed that his anti-xeno superweapons successfully routed Thargoids from the Delphi, Maia and Merope systems. The following message was submitted to all newsfeeds: "The Thargoid spearhead into human space has been severely blunted. Commodore Halloran coordinated the operation with military precision, and many loyal pilots acted swiftly to provide components for my unique technology. At present, I am not able to deploy these weapons in other systems suffering alien infestation. Next year, we will deliver a decisive blow in the war against the Thargoids. I urge the peoples of the galaxy to unite behind my crusade. Aegis is finished. I am the only remaining defence for humanity. I am Salvation." Independent pilots and anti-xeno squadrons have been asked to continue combating the remaining Thargoid vessels in the Coalsack, Pleiades and Witch Head Nebula regions. Repair efforts are also still required in the Delphi, Maia and Merope systems.^[3]^

14 DEC 3307

- \*Pilots' Federation ALERT\*
Salvation's anti-xeno superweapons have cleared most Thargoid vessels from the Delphi, Maia and Merope systems. Pilots were asked to transport classified experimental equipment from the Heart of Taurus in the Qarato system to three other megaships owned by Taurus Mining Ventures. These components were used to prepare the large-scale weapons developed by Salvation to affect Thargoid technology. Vox Galactica published an intercepted message from Commodore Morag Halloran, commanding officer of the Musashi, to the Bright Sentinel and Glorious Prospect megaships: "This is Halloran. Operation Tri-hammer has concluded with a code white-three-alpha. Estimated target destruction in Delphi is at 27%, with full dispersal of 98% of remaining hostiles. Scans underway for non-combatant disruption or casualties. Maia and Merope data to be submitted immediately to central analytics." Independent observers have reported that the majority of all Thargoid ships in the three systems have abruptly departed, with some wreckages found on planetary surfaces. This closely matches the event in the Cornsar system in September, when the anti-xeno superweapon was first deployed. Pilots are requested to help with repair and rescue efforts for starports damaged by the Thargoids: Donar's Oak and The Oracle in the Delphi system, Obsidian Orbital in the Maia system, and Reed's Rest in the Merope system.^[4]^

09 DEC 3307

- \*Pilots' Federation ALERT\*
Salvation requires vital materials to deploy anti-xeno superweapons in the Delphi, Maia and Merope systems. A message was transmitted from the Musashi megaship by its new commanding officer, Commodore Morag Halloran: "The Thargoids have invaded three key systems, as Salvation anticipated. Preparations have been made to halt their advance, but there is an urgent requirement to collect classified experimental equipment from the Heart of Taurus in the Qarato system. Pilots must then deliver these shipments to three other megaships: the Musashi in the Delphi system, the Bright Sentinel in the Maia system, and the Glorious Prospect in the Merope system. It is crucial that all deliveries are made by early on Tuesday the 14th of December. Without these components, Salvation's superweapons will not be able to affect enough Thargoid vessels to turn the tide." Commodore Halloran was formerly a member of the Alliance Defence Force, and was in charge of protecting the first expedition to the Coalsack Nebula in 3306. She is one of hundreds of naval officers and crew from all three superpowers who have resigned their commissions to offer their services to Salvation, believing that only he can defeat the Thargoids.^[5]^

10 DEC 3306

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
Explorers have catalogued many ammonia worlds for a Sirius Atmospherics terraforming project in the Coalsack Nebula.
The subsidiary of Sirius Corporation is one of several companies that are working in partnership with the Alliance to commercially exploit the region. Project director Dr Maximilian North announced the successful completion of the initiative: "The data provided on planets with ammonia-based atmospheres will be invaluable to our terraforming simulations. With our new environmental techniques, some of these poisonous worlds within the nebula may one day become habitable." Sirius Atmospherics has confirmed that payouts for all contributing pilots are now available at Betancourt Base in the Musca Dark Region PJ-P b6-1 system. As the expansion into the Coalsack Nebula progresses, Commodore Morag Halloran of the Alliance Defence Force commented on the possibility of further attacks from the Thargoids: "Anti-xeno security is not as stringent as we had planned, due to the low availability of ADF vessels and Aegis being impacted by Federal and Imperial defunding. It may be necessary to call upon the galactic community again, should we encounter further interference from the Thargoids."^[6]^

17 NOV 3306

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
An Alliance initiative has successfully prepared the Coalsack Nebula for exploitation and reduced the Thargoids' presence.
Traders delivered shipments of power generators, robotics, structural regulators and building fabricators, which will be used to help construct several new facilities in the region. The quantity of commodities received will result in construction of the following for the 26th of November 3306:
Betancourt Base Starport in the Musca Dark Region PJ-P b6-1 system. Additional services: Interstellar factor, human technology broker, encoded material trader, extended range of Multi-purpose ships.
Cole Point Starport in the CoalSack Sector VU-O B6-6 system. Additional services: Interstellar factor, raw material trader, extended range of Multi-purpose ships and mining equipment, fleet carrier administration.
Hannu Arena Starport in the Musca Dark Region IM-V C2-24 system. Additional services: Interstellar factor, range of combat ships and weapons.
Bering Port Starport in the CoalSack Sector KN-S B4-9 system. Additional services: Interstellar factor, improved outfitting options, manufactured material trader.
Commodore Morag Halloran of the Alliance Defence Force delivered an update on the security procedures: "Our efforts to clear the systems of Thargoid vessels were hugely boosted by independent pilots. Their skills have enabled our transports to travel to the nebula in relative safety." The Alliance is collaborating with several corporations to investigate the Coalsack Nebula for commercial and scientific sites of interest.^[7]^

12 NOV 3306

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
Commodities and anti-xeno support are requested as the Alliance begins exploitation of the Coalsack Nebula.
The Alliance plans to construct several new outposts in the Coalsack Nebula. From these, commercial and scientific operations will be conducted to locate fresh sources of meta-alloys and other potential sites of interest. The initiative was prompted by the findings of a planetary survey team two hundred years ago, which were only discovered after an abandoned megaship arrived in the Chukchan system. Shipments of power generators, robotics, structural regulators and building fabricators are required, and can be delivered to the megaship Spirit of Nysa in the Musca Dark Region PJ-P b6-1 system. The more commodities that are supplied, the more outposts will be upgraded to starports and the greater the range of services they will offer. Commodore Morag Halloran of the Alliance Defence Force discussed security arrangements: "We anticipate a heavy Thargoid presence within the Coalsack Nebula. Therefore it is a strategic necessity that we act now to curtail the threat to future exploration. Independent pilots and anti-xeno squadrons can serve the Alliance by focusing their efforts on the Coalsack Sector KN-S b4-9, Coalsack Sector VU-O b6-6, Musca Dark Region IM-V c2-24 and Musca Dark Region PJ-P b6-1 systems, which will host the new structures."^[8]^