# Nakato Kaine
##  Nakato Kaine

		

## Biographical Info

### Status

Alive

### Gender

Female

### Home System

Tionisla

### Allegiance

Alliance

### Occupation

Alliance Assembly Councillor
Alliance Prime Minister candidate (formerly)

## Powerplay Info

### PSM

Concord cannon

**Nakato Kaine** is a Councillor of the Alliance Assembly who has represented Tionisla for nearly a decade. She has strong support among the Old Worlds, and is known for her forceful speeches before the Assembly and her skepticism of Sirius Corporation's growing influence in Alliance politics. Kaine and several other challengers unsuccessfully ran against Edmund Mahon in the May 3307 election for the office of Alliance Prime Minister, and she emerged as Mahon's most prominent rival and critic.

## 

Contents

- 1 Biography
    - 1.1 3307 election campaign
    - 1.2 Sirius defence pact criticism
- 2 Timeline
- 3 Powerplay Ethos
    - 3.1 Acquisition
    - 3.2 Reinforcement
    - 3.3 Undermining
- 4 References

## Biography

### 3307 election campaign

Councillor Kaine's election platform was centered on investing in trade and security for Alliance member systems and curtailing the expansionism that characterised Prime Minister Mahon's administration, which Kaine criticized as a leading cause of continued conflict with the Thargoids and out of step with the Alliance's principles.^[1]^^[2]^ Her popularity was given an unexpected boost in February 3307 by the Assembly's narrow approval of Mahon's request to delay the election from February to May 3307 so as not to conflict with the Galactic Summit.^[3]^ The Assembly's unprecedented decision sparked widespread protests, and Kaine became a figurehead for rising public discontent with Mahon's administration.^[4]^

Her criticism only intensified after the Neo-Marlinist Liberation Army bombed starports in nine major systems, including Alioth and Gateway, on March 11, 3307; the Nine Martyrs attack put a halt to the Galactic Summit and killed hundreds of thousands of Allied citizens.^[5]^ Mahon's approval rating slipped over the following weeks, but not by enough to sink his campaign,^[6]^^[7]^ and an initiative launched by Kaine on the eve of the election in May 3307 to rally support for her economic enhancement platform in the hope of influencing the Alliance's future policy direction was soundly defeated by Mahon's competing initiative to build new starports in Alliance space.^[8]^^[9]^ Although Kaine ultimately lost the May 27 election as well, it was widely acknowledged that the Councillor from Tionisla would remain a formidable force in Alliance politics.^[10]^

### Sirius defence pact criticism

In early 3308, Councillor Kaine quickly positioned herself as the foremost opponent of the Alliance's strategic defence pact with Sirius Corporation, which Prime Minister Mahon suggested and began pushing for in December 3307 order to strengthen the Alliance Defence Force's capabilities against the Thargoids.^[11]^ Not only did the intermingling of the ADF and Sirius Navy give Kaine and other Alliance leaders cause for concern, but the terms of the pact were largely classified, including certain financial incentives within Alliance territory that were granted Sirius in exchange for its military aid.^[12]^^[13]^ When the local government of Reorte, the Reorte Mining Coalition, attacked the Sirius Corp megaship Chariot of Rhea and then expelled it from the system on February 3, 3308 over what it called an illegal intrusion,^[14]^^[15]^ the incident convinced more members of the Assembly to side with Kaine and question the wisdom of the strategic defence pact.^[16]^

Kaine motioned to censure Mahon over the Reorte debacle on February 25, and the motion was approved by a plurality of the Assembly after some abstentions. In particular, Mahon was rebuked for "disregarding the Alliance's principles by unilaterally forcing cooperation with Sirius Corporation". Kaine's subsequent address to the Assembly called for the strategic defence pact to be reconsidered as civil legislation rather than a military contract, and she further demanded that Li Yong-Rui either accept these new terms or withdraw from the pact and Alliance territory.^[17]^ On March 9, 3308, Yong-Rui appeared before the Assembly in response to Kaine's summons, resulting in the Alliance and Sirius negotiating a three-month trial period for the pact. The trial would provide Sirius with the opportunity to demonstrate its worth as a strategic defence partner, and when it ended, the Alliance would have the option to break off the agreement. While this new arrangement pleased Mahon, Kaine ally and Reorte representative Councillor Ainsley Niven warned that it might not be enough to win over all Alliance members.^[18]^

## Timeline

09 MAR 3308

- The Alliance and Sirius Corporation have negotiated a three-month probationary period for its proposed anti-xeno defence agreement. In response to a summons by Councillor Nakato Kaine, CEO Li Yong-Rui appeared in person before the Assembly. As part of a longer speech he stated: "I fully understand that, in order to be effective, the strategic defence pact requires broader political support. But to share its details before the Alliance can experience its benefits may lead to hasty decisions. Instead, we propose that Sirius Corporation is provided with an opportunity to demonstrate how we can enhance Allied security against the Thargoids. At the end of a contractually defined period of time, the Assembly can review the pact and decide whether or not to continue with our partnership." Following further discussions, Yong-Rui accepted that the probationary period would be reduced to three months from the originally suggested six. Prime Minister Edmund Mahon expressed his gratitude that a solution had been reached. Councillor Ainsley Niven, representing the Reorte system, sounded a cautionary note: "Frankly, some Allied factions won't tolerate Sirius's presence for three minutes let alone three months. I fear that this will not be enough to convince all of our member systems to cooperate."^[18]^

25 FEB 3308

- The Alliance Assembly has delivered an official rebuke to its prime minister following the recent skirmish in the Reorte system. There have been heated debates following the conflict between Reorte Mining Coalition and Sirius Corporation. This was triggered by the megacorp's unpopular attempt to establish a presence in the system as an anti-xeno defence partner. Councillor Nakato Kaine led a motion to censure against Prime Minister Edmund Mahon, which successfully passed with a plurality of votes after some abstentions. The strongly-worded reprimand focused on 'disregarding the Alliance's principles by unilaterally forcing cooperation with Sirius Corporation'. After Mahon formally accepted the reprimand, Councillor Kaine addressed the Assembly: "This body does not have the right to govern its member systems without their consent. The strategic defence pact must become civil legislation rather than a military contract, so it can be passed as law. I call upon Li Yong-Rui to agree to these terms, or else to abandon the pact and remove Sirius Corporation's forces from the Alioth, Arimpox, Di Jian and Leesti systems."^[17]^

08 FEB 3308

- The recent battle in the Reorte system has caused Sirius Corporation to question the terms of its partnership with the Alliance. The Alliance Tribune's political correspondent Vanya Driscoll reported: "When Sirius Corporation megaships arrived in four Allied systems, it's fair to assume they anticipated a degree of public resistance. But being directly attacked by the Reorte Mining Coalition clearly wasn't part of their risk assessment. Li Yong-Rui has urgently sought assurances from the Alliance that such conflicts will not happen again. The megacorp's CEO claimed that he has a duty to protect his employees from aggression by their own clients. In response, Prime Minister Edmund Mahon personally guaranteed that this unfortunate incident was a one-off, stressing that Sirius personnel have been welcomed in the Alioth, Arimpox and Di Jian systems. He added that the Alliance Defence Force is working closely with Admiral Nikolas Glass, the Sirius Navy's representative. But others in the Assembly are now openly questioning the wisdom of the strategic defence pact. Although Councillor Nakato Kaine's opposition to Mahon is often viewed as predictable, more members now agree with her that many Allied factions will reject the assertion that Sirius Corporation is an ally to be trusted."^[16]^

27 JAN 3308

- \*Pilots' Federation ALERT\*
The Reorte Mining Coalition has declared its intent to remove the Sirius Corporation presence from its home system. The megaship Chariot of Rhea arrived in Reorte as part of Sirius Corporation's new role as the Alliance's strategic defence partner. But the system's controlling faction ordered it to withdraw. The megaship's non-compliance has resulted in skirmishes targeting Sirius forces. Fergus Cassidy, CEO of the Reorte Mining Coalition, announced: "We fully support Councillor Kaine's position that Sirius Corporation is operating illegally under Alliance law. Therefore, we will defend our territory from this aggressive foreign entity." A response was broadcast by Captain Delfina Dominguez of the Sirius Navy, who commands the Chariot of Rhea: "Our presence is authorised by the military contract between Sirius Corporation and the Alliance Defence Force. If local forces continue to attack, we will have no option but to defend our assets." The fighting is not believed to have reached surface level and is expected to remain a ship-based conflict. To rally support from independent pilots, both factions are offering access to permit-locked systems. Reorte Mining Coalition will sponsor distribution of an Alioth system permit, while Sirius Corporation will authorise a permit to the Sirius system. Prime Minister Edmund Mahon has ordered the Reorte Mining Coalition to cease hostilities immediately. However, Councillor Ainsley Niven – who represents Reorte in the Assembly and is a political supporter of Nakato Kaine – claims that the faction has the right to protect its territory, since it was not invited to ratify the defence pact.^[14]^

24 JAN 3308

- The presence of Sirius Corporation in the Reorte system at the Alliance's invitation has been challenged by the controlling faction. In its new role as a strategic defence partner, Sirius Corporation recently established itself in several Alliance systems. But its megaship in Reorte, Chariot of Rhea, has found itself blockaded by system security and refused permission to offload cargo or personnel. A broadcast was made by Fergus Cassidy, CEO of the Reorte Mining Coalition: "Councillor Kaine is right to say that Sirius is acting illegally. The prime minister did not consult us or any other Allied faction on working with them, and there's good reason to be sceptical of their motives. We regard the Chariot of Rhea as an intruder and insist that it leaves immediately." Li Yong-Rui has assured Alliance leaders that Sirius Corporation will only be collaborating on anti-Thargoid defence projects. He stressed that there will be no disruption to any local civil or commercial activity. The Alliance Tribune commented on the situation: "Many Allied systems welcomed the news that our military is being bolstered by Sirius Corporation. But others expressed disapproval, particularly among the Old Worlds where the populations tend to be more sceptical of change. What happens in Reorte could determine whether or not the new defence pact becomes widely accepted."^[19]^

14 JAN 3308

- Prime Minister Edmund Mahon has invited Sirius Corporation to establish a permanent presence within the Alliance. The Alliance Tribune's political correspondent Vanya Driscoll reported: "Sirius Corporation's new role as a strategic defence partner has expanded swiftly, with a Sirius faction established in the Alioth system to represent the megacorp. In addition, several megaships have arrived in other Allied systems to provide support. The Alliance Defence Force and some government departments now have official advisors from Sirius Corporation on their staff. Prime Minister Mahon announced that these developments will streamline joint operations with the Sirius Navy, and in turn provide effective countermeasures against Thargoid aggression. But Councillor Nakato Kaine claims that the presence of Sirius Gov is illegal as it was not ratified by the Assembly. She has pointed out that since the defence pact makes this a classified military matter, any civil action to reverse Mahon's executive decision has been deliberately blocked."^[20]^

10 JAN 3308

- A new member has been appointed to the Council of Admirals to represent Sirius Corporation as the Alliance's strategic defence partner. Political correspondent Vanya Driscoll reported for The Alliance Tribune: "There are always six seats on the Council of Admirals, taken by senior military commanders from the largest regional fleets. Not only is this the first time that a seventh position has been created, it's also the first to come from outside the Alliance. The new addition is Admiral Nikolas Glass, a highly decorated officer with the Sirius Navy. His new role is to coordinate the Alliance's anti-Thargoid operations, which from now on will be directly supported by Sirius Corporation. Prime Minister Edmund Mahon and Fleet Admiral Hayley Sorokin both endorsed this development as a way of strengthening the Alliance Defence Force, which lacks the might of the Federal or Imperial Navy. Many member systems have demanded increased protection against the Thargoid threat, so this news is likely to be well received. As expected, Councillor Nakato Kaine opposed the defence pact, with Admiral George Varma also critical of 'merging commercial interests with military matters'. Deputy Prime Minister Angela Corcoran also admitted that she abstained during the recent joint vote, but chose not to elaborate on her reasons. So it seems that the Assembly is not fully confident about this union with Sirius Corporation."^[13]^

03 JAN 3308

- Sirius Corporation has signed an agreement to provide the Alliance with ships, materials and personnel to help combat the Thargoids. The Alliance Assembly and the Council of Admirals held a rare joint vote on the issue of inviting the megacorp to become a strategic defence partner. The motion was debated in private and reportedly passed by a slim majority. Prime Minister Edmund Mahon told The Alliance Tribune: "The danger posed by the Thargoids is increasing once more, perhaps accelerated by the loss of Aegis and a lack of any binding treaty between the superpowers. It is vital that we make a proactive decision to maintain security for Alliance systems. Sirius Corporation will work closely with the Alliance Defence Force to reinforce our member vessels, focusing exclusively on anti-xeno operations. In return, new commercial agreements will provide the company with increased access to certain financial endeavours." Councillor Nakato Kaine spoke on behalf of several disapproving members of the Assembly: "We are already too entwined with this ruthless corporate giant, so to hand our defences over to them is another blow to the Alliance's identity. It is also convenient that the details of the pact remain classified under military restrictions. We don't even know what price we're paying to hire Sirius to be our guard dog."^[12]^

29 DEC 3307

- Continuing a series of articles by historian Sima Kalhana that look at the most newsworthy events during the past year.
"April 3307 saw the creation of the Federation's Proactive Detection Bureau in reaction to the Nine Martyrs bombings. This organisation monitored all public and private communications for evidence of terrorists, to prevent similar attacks in future. But its highly controversial nature would soon present the Federation with new challenges. ACT's investigation led them to the Neo-Marlinist Order of Mudhrid, which had helped deliver the caustic enzyme bombs to their nine targets. The faction's defeat was an early victory against the NMLA, but much of the organisation remained a mystery. When the 'ghost ship' Adamastor began receiving an encoded signal, this began an entire saga of mysteries. Its long-lost sister ship, the Hesperus, was soon located by pilots who had been recruited by an anonymous figure named Salvation. His interest in Azimuth Biochemicals, the 200 year old corporation that owned both vessels, would bring a strange twist to the ongoing Thargoid conflict. In May, Hadrian Duval was targeted by Federal forces after accusations that he was the mastermind behind the NMLA. The spectre of Empire-Federation war rose once again as Nova Imperium successfully defended itself, but ACT concluded that evidence had been falsified to implicate Hadrian and his new wife Lady Astrid. Aegis came under intense scrutiny when the megaship Alexandria, laden with newly collected Guardian artefacts, began attracting Thargoids in every system it jumped to. The Alexandria later vanished completely in hyperspace, and to this day remains missing presumed destroyed. The Alliance election finally took place at the end of May, having been delayed by three months due to the Galactic Summit. Councillor Nakato Kaine fought a spirited campaign, but Edmund Mahon was re-elected to serve a second term as prime minister. Supporters of Neo-Marlinism gained a voice in June, when Minister Aaron Whyte offered a peace deal with the Empire to prevent further terrorism. The idea of a political wing of the NMLA gained support from those fearing further bombings, but opened major rifts within the Marlinist Colonies. Salvation once again contacted pilots to track down survivors from the Hesperus. This led to the discovery of an ancient Guardian-Thargoid battleground, where Azimuth scientists had built a research base around their vessel Proteus. All were killed by unusual experiments into weaponising Guardian crystals. The Proactive Detection Bureau had been generally accepted by Federal citizens, but many claimed it was a violation of civil liberties. Halfway through the year, the Azaladshu Free faction took the bold step of seceding from the Federation, thus triggering the possibility of mass rebellion."^[21]^

22 DEC 3307

- The Alliance Assembly has invited Sirius Corporation to collaborate on enhancing protection for member systems against the Thargoids. Political journalist Vanya Driscoll reported on the development for The Alliance Tribune: "Sirius Corporation has been a key partner in the Alliance's expansion programme. Most notably, its subsidiary Sirius Atmospherics helped establish colonies in the Coalsack Nebula to support meta-alloy harvesting. But according to insiders, the suspension of Aegis and the increasing Thargoid presence has raised fears that Alliance systems may be vulnerable to xeno invasion. This has led to Prime Minister Edmund Mahon suggesting a strategic defence contract with the megacorp. In response, CEO Li Yong-Rui himself has travelled to the Alioth system. It's understood that high-level discussions are taking place on ways in which the company might augment the Alliance Defence Force's capabilities. Councillor Nakato Kaine, Mahon's political rival, has repeated her claim that Sirius Corporation has a disturbing amount of influence over some council members. She fears that private agreements are being made behind closed doors, and has called for increased transparency."^[11]^

25 JUN 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
Two Alliance stations have been constructed following a successful re-election campaign by Prime Minister Edmund Mahon. Enterprise Market in the LHS 2522 system and Prosperity Core in the Sharru Sector FW-W c1-19 system are now fully operational. Prime Minister Mahon welcomed visitors to the new starports, promising that they would "further enhance the Alliance's commitment to creating opportunities". However, Councillor Nakato Kaine triggered heated debate in the Alliance Assembly when she made this announcement: "My investigation turned up irregularities in the tritium mining campaign, suggesting that it only received enough deliveries to allow one starport to be built. Furthermore, docking records seem to indicate that Sirius Corporation made up the shortfall with a number of unregistered donations. Sirius Corporation now has a presence in the Sharru Sector FW-W c1-19 system. This suggests disturbing parallels with the company's recent dealings to help build Archon Delaine's new starports. The question is – what did Mahon promise in return?" A statement from the Office of the Prime Minister clarified that Sirius Corporation was one of many companies currently partnered with the Alliance to support its expansion programme. It did not address the discrepancy in tritium deliveries or refer to any contributions from the megacorp.^[22]^

16 JUN 3307

- Councillor Nakato Kaine has suggested that the Alliance's current electoral system should be replaced by direct public voting. The proposal follows a recent election where Prime Minister Edmund Mahon was reinstated for a second six-year term. Addressing the Alliance Assembly, Councillor Kaine said: "Only allowing council members to choose the prime minister is a flawed system, vulnerable to corruption and outside influence. The people of the Alliance should have a direct mandate to determine their leader by casting individual votes." Political journalist Vanya Driscoll reported for The Alliance Tribune: "Although Kaine stopped short of claiming that Mahon's victory was achieved fraudulently, the Assembly took a dim view of this attempt at electoral overhaul. Some council members accused her of failing to accept that her policies received considerably less support than those of her rival. Despite this, a few accepted that there could be merit in such a restructure. However, organising public voting across all Alliance systems would be much harder than in democracies with a more established infrastructure, such as the Federation, or that have smaller populations, such as the Marlinist Colonies."^[23]^

28 MAY 3307

- The election for Alliance prime minister has been won by the incumbent Edmund Mahon, who begins a second six-year term in office. The Alliance Assembly voted yesterday to elect the new head of state. Mahon received more votes than any other candidate, albeit not a majority of the electorate. Some council members demanded additional checks, causing a delay in announcing the results. Prime Minister Mahon gave a victory speech to the public: "It is my great honour to continue serving the diverse peoples of the Alliance. We will hold fast to our principles of democracy, prosperity and mutual defence, no matter what the galaxy throws at us." Vanya Driscoll, political correspondent for The Alliance Tribune, observed: "With the core systems affected by political unrest, terrorist threats and economic turmoil, it is no surprise that the Assembly voted for stability. Mahon is a known quantity, and the Alliance has become reliant on his calm, measured leadership."^[10]^

27 MAY 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
As the Assembly votes for its new leader, Prime Minister Edmund Mahon has requested mined tritium to aid expansion. The new initiative follows on from his successful drive for industrial materials, which resulted in large amounts of ceramic composites, polymers and superconductors. Pilots who contributed to this can now collect their rewards from Dublin Citadel in the Gateway system. A competing community drive by Councillor Nakato Kaine, Mahon's main rival in the election, brought deliveries of copper, micro-controllers and polymers. Prime Minister Mahon's new tritium mining initiative aims to provide a stockpile of fuel to support the Alliance's expansion programme. This will involve constructing up to five new starports, which are expected to be operational within a month. Mined deposits of tritium can be delivered to Dublin Citadel in the Gateway system. Members of the Alliance Assembly will gather today to cast their votes for a new prime minister. Opinion polls believe Mahon will comfortably win, although acknowledge that Kaine has broad support. The successful candidate will serve as the Alliance head of state for a six-year term.^[9]^

20 MAY 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
Prime Minister Edmund Mahon and Councillor Nakato Kaine have launched rival delivery initiatives in Alliance space. The two leading candidates for Alliance prime minister are attempting to gather public support, although the actual election will be determined by votes within the Assembly on the 27th of May. Every opinion poll suggests that Mahon's victory is all but confirmed, which will grant him a second six-year term. However, the outcomes of these community drives will directly affect the successful candidate's policies once in office. Prime Minister Mahon is focusing on increasing industrial materials to aid expansion. He has requested that shipments of ceramic composites, polymers and superconductors are delivered to Dublin Citadel in the Gateway system. Councillor Kaine aims to support local manufacturers in order to boost trade. She has asked for supplies of copper, micro-controllers and polymers to be delivered to Brett High in the Tionisla system. Whoever is most successful will run a second campaign the following week. Mahon will launch a tritium mining initiative, leading to the construction of new Alliance starports. Kaine will use void opal mining to help stimulate trade, increasing the availability of rare goods in Alliance-controlled systems.^[8]^

17 MAY 3307

- The front-runner candidates in the Alliance election have stepped up their campaigns, amid widespread political and civil unrest. Prime Minister Edmund Mahon and Councillor Nakato Kaine are touring across the Alliance, gathering public support to sway the Assembly when it votes on the 27th of May. Attending a business sector conference on the planet Industry in the Zaonce system, Prime Minister Mahon stated: "We've heard a lot of reactionary rhetoric from Councillor Kaine, but it's much easier to be critical than constructive. She has done little to secure the prosperity of our people and companies, which was my primary focus over the last six years." At a protest march on New Caledonia in the Alkaid system, Councillor Kaine addressed the crowd: "Again, the Thargoids lash out at our presence. Again, we prop up the other superpowers. Again, we pump money into Aegis and Lakon but not our own economies. Nothing changes, unless Mahon is voted out and the Alliance takes a new direction!" Opinion polls suggest that Mahon has retained majority support, but with a narrower margin than in February when the election was originally scheduled. Many agree with Kaine that the Alliance should not have participated in the Galactic Summit, which led to the 'Nine Martyrs' bombings.^[7]^

10 MAY 3307

- The election of the Alliance prime minister will take place on the 27th of May, having been postponed due to the Galactic Summit. Vanya Driscoll, political correspondent for The Alliance Tribune, reported: "Prime Minister Edmund Mahon's decision to postpone the election for three months caused enormous disruption and mass protests. This may have mortally wounded his campaign to be re-elected as head of government for a second six-year term. With hindsight it's clear that Mahon was prioritising the Sirius Treaty, a detailed proposal to unite the superpowers against the Thargoids. Unfortunately, the Galactic Summit was prematurely halted by the 'Nine Martyrs' bombings before the treaty could be agreed. Although there are several candidates, Mahon's only serious challenger is Councillor Nakato Kaine. She has been a vocal critic of his expansionist policies, and gained much public support for her focus on boosting trade between Alliance systems. Electoral votes will be cast by members of the Alliance Assembly, whose decisions reflect popular opinion in their constituencies. No previous prime minister has served more than a single term, so it remains to be seen whether Mahon will defy precedent or Kaine will follow the pattern of history."^[6]^

15 MAR 3307

- Political fallout has been intense after the NMLA simultaneously bombed nine starports in the Alliance, Empire and Federation. The targeted stations are in the Achenar, Alioth, Eotienses, Gateway, Kamadhenu, Lave, Nanomam, Rhea and Sol systems. These were referred to by NMLA propaganda as the 'Nine Martyrs', a reference to the attack against Kepler Orbital last November. All three superpowers are treating this as a major emergency. Top-level discussions have taken place between their chiefs of security, using communication protocols recently established at the Galactic Summit. However, mainstream media has also reported on internal political tensions.
The Imperial Herald: "Senator Patreus proposed that all known Marlinists be arrested immediately as NMLA collaborators. He received a direct rebuke from Chancellor Blaine, who said 'Her Majesty views your blunt tactics as having been counter-productive, and requires more creative solutions.'"
The Federal Times: "President Hudson opened Congress with a minute's silence to honour VP Brad Mitchell and other deceased Cabinet members. He then directly blamed Shadow President Winters for their deaths, claiming 'You invited terrorists with your virtue-signalling aid programme for fake refugees!'"
The Alliance Tribune: "The Assembly broadly welcomed Prime Minister Mahon's call for unity against the NMLA, and praised his efforts on the Sirius Treaty despite it remaining unsigned. But there was also support for Councillor Kaine's viewpoint: 'Our entry fee for the Galactic Summit was hundreds of thousands of lives.'"^[5]^

01 MAR 3307

- Delegates at the diplomatic conference have clashed over long-standing political issues, with some threatening to abandon the event. Journalists at Patterson Enterprise in the Sirius system reported their observations via mainstream newsfeeds.
The Imperial Herald: "Minister Whyte's claim that the Empire had fomented terrorism by repressing Marlinism was somewhat predictable. But nobody expected Princess Duval's icy retort, which caused shocked gasps across the chamber."
Sol Today: "President Hudson easily dealt with Patreus's whine about the Federation's so-called 'war-mongering', putting the bombastic Imp in his place."
Eye on Achenar: "The dull-witted thug of a president was no match for Senator Patreus, who received cheers for his condemnation of typical 'Fedneck' arrogance."
The Alliance Tribune: "The conference's hosts were visibly embarrassed by Councillor Kaine's claims that Coalsack Nebula terraforming projects had triggered recent Thargoid attacks. Shockingly, several delegates dismissed this as an internal matter for the Alliance."
The Federal Times: "Chancellor Blaine's stonewalling on the co-funding of humanitarian aid brought a rare flash of anger from Felicia Winters: 'Maybe the Emperor's puppet could loosen a few strings?'"
The Sovereign: "Despite Prime Minister Mahon exaggerating the benefits of Alliance membership, several independent ambassadors complained about its incomprehensible bureaucracy, saying it would be less damaging to declare war against the Alliance than join it."
A representative from Sirius Corporation reported that the Galactic Summit was "going well".^[24]^

23 FEB 3307

- The postponement of the election for a new prime minister has led to widespread public disorder across Alliance systems. The Alliance Assembly vote was scheduled for Thursday the 25th of February. This date clashed with the start of the Galactic Summit, causing incumbent Prime Minister Edmund Mahon to propose that the election be delayed for three months. On many Alliance worlds, large-scale protest marches have placed pressure on local police forces. Some civil leaders have condemned Mahon for using the diplomatic conference as an excuse to extend his term of office. Mahon has referred to the unrest as being caused by a "vocal minority of agitators", and insisted that the delay is in the Alliance's best interests. Councillor Nakato Kaine, Mahon's main rival, has given the protests her full support. She has become a figurehead for public dissent, with some political pundits suggesting that she might have won the election had it been held this week. Speaking to The Alliance Tribune, Councillor Kaine said: "This is the latest in a string of short-sighted decisions, and it's clear that the people no longer trust their prime minister. For this reason, despite believing the Galactic Summit to be a waste of time, I will be attending the conference to ensure that Mahon's agenda does not dominate proceedings."^[4]^

16 FEB 3307

- The Alliance Assembly has approved purchasing a majority sharehold in Lakon Spaceways, gaining partial ownership of the shipbuilding company. An acquisition attempt by Federal corporation Core Dynamics was recently revoked due to illegal practices by its former CEO Jupiter Rochester. The Alliance has now rescued Lakon from possible insolvency, using government funding to buy shares and increase investment. Naomi Landseer, the reinstated chairperson of Lakon's board of directors, announced: "We welcome becoming closer partners with the Alliance, which we see as a natural progression following successful collaboration on past projects. I'm pleased to inform customers that the manufacture of Lakon vessels will continue uninterrupted." Although some Assembly members voted against the decision, including election candidate Nakato Kaine, there is broad public and industry approval. The Council of Admirals has expressed gratitude that a key defence contractor will not be controlled by another superpower or corporation. Much of Lakon's personnel and resources will migrate to Alliance space, although its range of ships will remain available for purchase across the galaxy. Plans to construct a new headquarters for Lakon Spaceways within the Alioth system are well underway.^[25]^

01 FEB 3307

- The Alliance Assembly has agreed to delay electing a new prime minister to avoid clashing with the forthcoming Galactic Summit. The proposal to postpone the election date came from Prime Minister Edmund Mahon: "Now that the diplomatic conference has been confirmed, we must adapt to take advantage of this historic event. A potential change in leadership occurring at the same time as the Galactic Summit would cause confusion and undermine the Alliance's presence." Although Mahon's proposal was voted through by a narrow margin, many council members disagreed with altering the political calendar. Councillor Nakato Kaine, who is a candidate in the election, declared: "It is outrageous that the prime minister is using this as an excuse to extend his term in office. Once again, he is more concerned with projecting the Alliance as a superpower than the interests of member systems. This behaviour is what you'd expect from a corrupt emperor or president, clinging onto power at any cost." The Assembly has rescheduled the election to take place three months later in May 3307, although this remains only provisional.^[3]^

22 JAN 3307

- Councillor Nakato Kaine is visiting key systems across the Alliance as part of her bid to be elected as the next prime minister. Of all the challengers to the incumbent Edmund Mahon, Kaine has the most support from fellow council members. She has represented the Tionisla system for nearly a decade, and is renowned for delivering forceful speeches before the Assembly. Kaine's disapproval of the expansionist policies in recent years has struck a chord with people in many systems. She also has a strong reputation among the 'Old Worlds', which are viewed as the historic hub of the Alliance. During a political rally on Leesti, Councillor Kaine directly criticised her election opponent: "Prime Minister Mahon clearly thinks that the Alliance must mimic the Empire's arrogance and the Federation's corporate greed. He has repeatedly led us into conflict with the Thargoid race, risking millions of lives so we could raid their territories like thieves in the night. I believe that we should be inspired by the mutual cooperation that once made the Old Worlds thrive. We must invest in trade and security to benefit our member systems, instead of pretending to be a monolithic superpower."^[2]^

04 JAN 3307

- The Alliance has entered a period of political campaigning prior to the election of a new prime minister. The appointment of a head of government takes place every six years, with the forthcoming vote scheduled for the 25th of February 3307. Unlike the Federation, there are no political parties in the Alliance. The Assembly is comprised of councillors who each represent the ruling faction of a member system. Electoral votes will be cast by these individuals rather than the public, but councillors tend to abide by the majority views of their constituencies. Edmund Mahon is the current prime minister, having been in office since 3301, and is campaigning for re-election. If successful, he will be the first to serve more than one term. There are several rivals challenging Mahon, but the greatest support is for Councillor Nakato Kaine of Tionisla. She has become a rallying point for discontent among the Assembly, speaking out against the Alliance's increasing dependence upon corporations and other superpowers. At an emergency debate regarding the current wave of Thargoid attacks, Councillor Kaine stated: "Can we be surprised that the Thargoid race is launching fresh assaults against us, when we brazenly invade their territories? Our obsession with meta-alloys has turned us into the aggressor! This is not the same Alliance that I pledged to serve. It's time for a new direction."^[1]^

24 DEC 3306

- Tens of thousands of Marlinist refugees have claimed sanctuary in Alliance space, after emigrating from the Empire to avoid political persecution. In recent weeks, there has been a steady stream of ex-Imperial citizens arriving at Alliance systems, mostly travelling aboard small private vessels or in the holds of cargo ships. The humanitarian aid organisation Safeguard Interstellar reported that accommodation and basic necessities are being provided. Alliance Interpol is running stringent security checks for evidence that members of the NMLA terrorist group are present. The initial wave of refugees, which fled to the Federation, are currently preparing to populate a number of independent colonies established by the Sirius Corporation. However, these systems cannot yet provide harbour to the continuing exodus of Marlinists from the Empire. Prime Minister Edmund Mahon publicly welcomed the refugees, but there has been some dissent in the Alliance Assembly. Councillor Nakato Kaine, who is expected to be Mahon's main rival in next year's election, received widespread support for her views: "Naturally, we must provide these poor people with emergency aid, but there are practical limits to our resources. It is not our responsibility to solve the Empire's domestic issues, and we have seen the Federation pay the price for sheltering terrorists. The Alliance cannot end up as the dumping ground for other superpowers' problems."^[26]^

## Powerplay Ethos

### Acquisition

**Social:** *Councillor Kaine's commitment to providing a voice to individual systems is appealing in an age where interstellar powers dominate the conversation. Her supporters advocate the value of this trait eagerly, via social networks and ICE-casts.*^[27]^

### Reinforcement

**Covert:** *Preferring debate over violence, Councillor Kaine leads by example in using statecraft to resolve conflicts. She has demonstrated methods of outsmarting adversaries through clear messaging, political leverage and focused media narratives.*^[27]^

### Undermining

**Social:** *Using public speaking engagements to promote social causes and interstellar partnerships, Councillor Kaine fosters harmony and a proud sense of community among populations who heed her message.*^[27]^