# Onionhead Gamma Strain
- *Not to be confused with Onionhead, Lucan Onionhead, Onionhead Alpha Strain, or Onionhead Beta Strain.*

## Onionhead Gamma Strain

		

### Classification

Commodity

### Type

Legal Drugs

### Galactic Average Price

4,828 CR

### Produced by

Industrial (Alliance & Independent)

### Consumed by

Anarchy, Extraction, Industrial

> 
> 
> A new strain of Onionhead tailored to grow in local conditions.
> 
> 
> — In-Game Description
> 

**Onionhead Gamma Strain**, also known as **Helix**, is a Legal Drug Commodity that is produced by 15% of independent and Alliance systems with Industrial economies. It is considered illegal in Federal and Imperial systems, as well as any port controlled by a minor faction with the Prison Colony government, and transporting it can result in a fine or bounty if scanned by system security.

## History

A fourth unique variant of Onionhead that was obtained by the Blue Viper Club Dredger Clan from an unknown research facility, Onionhead Gamma Strain entered mass-production and distribution under the Kumo Crew in July 3307. By order of the Interstellar Health Organisation, the drug must be packaged and sold as "Onionhead Gamma Strain" rather than its original name, "Helix". A detailed analysis of Gamma Strain revealed that it had been modified with synthetic molecules of unknown origin, which reduced its psychedelic potency but made it easier to grow and transport than other strains, characteristics which indicated the drug had been designed for the mass market.^[1]^^[2]^^[3]^^[4]^

Even though proponents of Gamma Strain such as the Coalition for Legalisation asserted it was no more harmful or addictive than alcohol or coffee, it was declared illegal in all systems but those controlled by anarchy governments. It was also speculated, but not proven, that Sirius Corporation was party to the deal between Kumo Crew and the Blue Viper Club, and secretly shipped Gamma Strain to markets using its own freight transportation network.^[5]^^[6]^ By August 13, 3307, it was reported that Onionhead Gamma Strain was freely circulating among upper-class circles in the Federation and Empire, and tourists from the Alliance and independent systems were flocking to places where the drug was legal.^[7]^

A report published by Dr. Nisha Devi of the IHO on August 24, 3307 also concluded that the Kumo Crew's claims of the drug having medicinal properties appeared to be true, but the report was criticised as flawed by Ronan Roscoe of the Vandermeer Corporation.^[8]^ Based on the IHO report and its own clinical trials, Neomedical Industries announced plans on August 30 to mass-produce and sell Onionhead Gamma Strain as a medicine.^[9]^ The project started in the Haithis system on September 2, with Neomedical Industries intending to distribute the drug to Alliance systems as well as more independent systems. Archon Delaine was not pleased by what he viewed as a brazen theft of Kumo Crew commercial property, and the Kumo Council deployed the megaship The Mictlan to Haithis as a show of force.^[10]^ The campaign successfully collected enough resources on September 9 to distribute Onionhead Gamma Strain to 15% of all independent and Alliance systems with Industrial economies by September 17, but this prompted a declaration of war from the Kumo Council, and Haithis was thrown into chaos. Kendrick warned that Delaine's forces could intimidate investors into withdrawing from the drug project and prevent its rollout.^[11]^^[12]^ The galactic community rallied to stop the Kumo Council's assault, and Neomedical Industries declared victory on September 16. The megacorporation also gloated that the crushing loss for the Kumo Crew had encouraged more investors to flock to the Onionhead project.^[13]^

## Timeline

02 JAN 3308

- Sima Kalhana reviews the most newsworthy events of the past year in this series of articles.
"July began badly for the Federation, with more factions seceding in response to the Proactive Detection Bureau's establishment. The newly independent nations severed all links with these new surveillance efforts, inspiring many other systems to do likewise. This secession crisis would rumble on for the rest of the year. The Blue Viper Club, one of the rarely seen dredger clans, joined forces with the Kumo Crew to manufacture a medicinal drug that turned out to be a new strain of onionhead. The drug would ultimately end up being legally distributed by Neomedical Industries, causing Archon Delaine to seek revenge against the corporation. Tensions soared in the Marlinist Colonies during an election for the head of their diplomatic consulate. Aaron Whyte's candidate had the support of an Imperial senator, which would have given the Neo-Marlinists a powerful voice within the Empire. When a more moderate candidate was elected, the NMLA reacted by bombing both Marlinist starports, murdering tens of thousands including First Minister Jenna Fairfax. It seemed Theta Seven's extremist views allowed anyone to be targeted as an enemy, even his fellow Marlinists. The civil war concluded in August, with Whyte killed in battle as his supporters were overcome in direct combat. Following accusations of incompetence regarding the vanished Alexandria megaship, Aegis was officially suspended and subjected to a board of inquiry. This would have ramifications for the ongoing conflict with the Thargoids, and encourage Salvation to position himself as an alternative. In the corporate sphere, Zemina Torval created a new subsidiary of Mastopolos Mining that would eventually become an autonomous company. There were rumours that the Torval and Mastopolos families were now at loggerheads after decades of working in unison. In September, the mystery of Hyford's Cache was finally unlocked. The trail led to revelations of dark experiments which are believed to have involved human test subjects and Thargoid technology. When the Thargoids themselves appeared en masse in the Cornsar system, Salvation was ready for them. An anti-xeno superweapon of undisclosed nature was deployed, wiping out some of the aliens and driving away the rest. It seemed that the self-titled 'man of science' had developed something revolutionary, inspiring many to place their faith in him to end the Thargoid menace once and for all."^[14]^

16 SEP 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
The Haithis Purple Dynamic Group has fought off the Kumo Council assault, securing the completion of Neomedical Industries' onionhead project. The pharmaceutical corporation had received deliveries to Haithis to begin producing onionhead gamma strain for medicinal purposes. In response, the Kumo Crew syndicate attacked Neomedical's corporate partner but failed to achieve its objectives. Neomedical Industries confirmed that investment in its project to mass-produce onionhead gamma strain has increased following the conflict's resolution. The news was eagerly received in many Alliance and independent systems, which have expressed interest in the new healthcare treatment. Olwyn Kendrick, CEO of Neomedical Industries, told the media: "We owe a huge debt to the galactic community for defending our operation. Large-scale manufacture of onionhead gamma strain can now commence. We will soon be able to improve the quality of life for millions of people." The Haithis Purple Dynamic Group is offering rewards to its supporters from Crippen Port in the Haithis system.^[13]^

09 SEP 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
The Kumo Council has declared war on the Haithis Purple Dynamic Group for the latter's role in supporting Neomedical Industries. The pharmaceutical corporation's recent campaign in the Haithis system enabled the mass production of onionhead gamma strain, scheduled to be available as a medicinal product from Alliance and independent markets. The drug is currently distributed in a handful of anarchy systems by the Kumo Crew syndicate. As hostilities erupted in the Haithis system, Archon Delaine broadcast a message for Neomedical Industries: "Did you truly believe you could steal from us and survive unscathed? Now your allies will pay for your greed with their blood." In response, CEO Olwyn Kendrick broadcast a call for help: "This terrifying attack by the galaxy's most vicious pirates may pressure investors to withdraw, causing the entire project to collapse. If so, the vital materials that pilots delivered will be wasted. To prevent this, we urgently require support for our corporate partners against these criminals." The Haithis Purple Dynamic Group is offering rewards to pilots who help protect its ships against pirate assault. The Kumo Council has also offered to reimburse mercenaries who fight on their behalf.^[12]^

09 SEP 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
The pharmaceutical megacorp has received sufficient materials to produce onionhead gamma strain as a medical treatment. Pilots delivered shipments of H.E. suits, polymers and robotics to Crippen Port in the Haithis system. Payment for these deliveries is now available at the starport from the pharma giant's corporate partner, Haithis Purple Dynamic Group. Bounty vouchers were also offered for all wanted ships, in expectation of pirate attacks coordinated by the Kumo Crew syndicate. Their megaship remains in the Haithis system, which has raised concerns about further retaliation from Archon Delaine. An announcement was made by Olwyn Kendrick, CEO of Neomedical Industries: "Thanks to the sterling contributions, it looks like we are on track to roll out the medically certified strain of onionhead to approximately 15% of all independent systems and Alliance systems for the 17th of September 3307. It will soon be viewed as a vital healthcare product for millions of people rather than a notorious narcotic." There has been some criticism of the Alliance, especially from Federal and Imperial quarters, for allowing the popular psychedelic drug to be sold legally. However, the Assembly reiterated that most Alliance trading laws are enforced on a system by system basis, and that the deal is only there because of the firm assurances and underwriting made by Neomedical Industries.^[11]^

02 SEP 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
Neomedical Industries has requested deliveries to produce onionhead gamma strain for Alliance and independent systems. The new variant of the popular psychedelic drug is currently sold in a handful of independent systems by the Kumo Crew syndicate. The IHO has confirmed that the product does have many medical applications. Olwyn Kendrick, CEO of Neomedical Industries, outlined the initiative: "Our goal is to gather sufficient resources for the manufacture of onionhead gamma strain as a medicinal treatment. Target markets will include both independent and Alliance systems, should enough commodities be delivered. We request that pilots transport H.E. suits, polymers and robotics to Crippen Port in the Haithis system. Reimbursements will be arranged by our corporate partner, the Haithis Purple Dynamic Group." The Kumo Council has despatched a megaship, the Mictlan, to the Haithis system. A message was broadcast by Archon Delaine, warlord of the Kumo Crew: "I'm prepared to give this greedy corporation time to reconsider stealing our commercial property. I'm also prepared to massacre everyone in the system. Your choice." In response, the Haithis Purple Dynamic Group has agreed to offer bounty vouchers in order to protect ships from pirates and other wanted vessels.^[10]^

30 AUG 3307

- The pharmaceutical giant Neomedical Industries aims to mass-produce onionhead gamma strain as a medicine. The announcement follows a report from the Interstellar Health Organisation, which details how the new onionhead variant is an effective treatment for many psychological and musculoskeletal conditions. Olwyn Kendrick, CEO of Neomedical Industries, told the media: "The IHO has confirmed the findings of our research of onionhead gamma strain's use for specific medical purposes. Clinical trials prove that its psychedelic qualities are no more intense than the side effects of conventional neuroleptics. It is inappropriate that a crime syndicate should provide a product that can relieve the suffering of millions. Therefore, we aim to build our own stockpile to expedite its distribution to common markets." This statement was viewed as controversial in some quarters, particularly within the Federation. However, there have been expressions of interest from many independent factions. The Kumo Crew syndicate, which manufactures and distributes onionhead gamma strain, has offered no response as yet. Neomedical Industries is one of the two largest pharmaceutical companies in the galaxy, alongside Vandermeer Corporation. It provides healthcare services and equipment exclusively to Alliance and independent systems.^[9]^

24 AUG 3307

- The Interstellar Health Organisation has validated the Kumo Crew's claim that onionhead gamma strain, also known as 'helix', has medicinal properties. Dr Nisha Devi, one of the IHO's senior researchers, told the media: "We have analysed user data in the independent systems where onionhead gamma strain is on sale. Unexpectedly, the initial marketing claims that 'helix' can be used for medicinal purposes have been authenticated. A significant percentage of customers are believed to be using the drug for healthcare reasons rather than recreational use. Reports show that it is a successful treatment for many psychological disorders, bringing faster results than conventional neuroleptics. It may also provide effective symptomatic relief for patients with musculoskeletal conditions. Several research facilities are now running clinical trials on the viability of using onionhead gamma strain in medical practice. The IHO is monitoring these studies and will publish the results." Vandermeer Corporation, the largest pharmaceutical company in the Federation, published a statement from its head of marketing Ronan Roscoe: "These conclusions are biased and informed by inaccurate data. We maintain that all forms of onionhead are dangerous narcotics with long-term detriments to health. Vandermeer's antipsychotic treatments are effective without the side effects of mild psychedelic experiences."^[8]^

13 AUG 3307

- The introduction of onionhead gamma strain by the Kumo Crew has reignited long-running arguments around the popular psychedelic drug. An interview with Zander Lachance, spokesperson for the Coalition for Legalisation, was published by Vox Galactica: "I have yet to see evidence that onionhead is more harmful than common recreational substances. Open-minded people in independent systems are now discovering this for themselves." In response, other newsfeeds featured a range of opinions.
Eye on Achenar: "Foppish rogues of the Federation such as Zachary Rackham and Sir Randolph Plaskett may feel comfortable wooing trade tycoons with the outlawed weed, but legalising low-cost onionhead would risk the whole Empire collapsing into a stupor!"
The Pegasi Sentinel: "The popularity of 'helix' is steadily growing, and the revenue it generates will undoubtedly benefit those fortunate to live within Archon Delaine's dominion."
Sol Today: "Imperial hedonists such as Senator Leatrix and Duchess Rouncival may offer such illicit treats at their decadent parties, but bombarding the masses with this cheap narcotic will have the entire Federation chasing unicorns!"
The Sovereign: "Tourists from many independent worlds are booking holidays to the Alici, Baraswar, Kishpakho, Nastrond and Nocori systems, where the gamma strain of onionhead is legal. There is no shortage of Alliance citizens following suit, which may pressure the Assembly to formally legislate one way or the other."^[7]^

03 AUG 3307

- The Alliance, Empire and Federation have clarified their official positions regarding the emergence of onionhead gamma strain. All variants of the popular psychedelic drug remain illegal within Federal space. Ambassador Jasmina Halsey, who was president in 3300 when the ruling was made, announced: "I am pleased that my decision to outlaw onionhead stands. I still maintain that it leads to experimentation with more dangerous narcotics, and we must steer our youth away from that path." The Empire has also declared onionhead illegal, despite rumours that it is imported by the wealthiest citizens for private use. Princess Aisling Duval told the media: "It was insulting enough that Delaine was allowed into the Galactic Summit, but now he's peddling filthy drugs and pretending it's medicine! I only pray that nobody loses a loved one to such poison, as I have." The Alliance has not made a broad ruling regarding onionhead, which is illegal in the majority of member systems but available in those classified as having anarchy governments. However, Deputy Prime Minister Angela Corcoran addressed the issue: "As with most trade, we defer to the legislation of local authorities. But we are in contact with the IHO and are keeping a close eye on the situation." Onionhead gamma strain remains on sale in selected systems governed by industrial anarchy factions.^[6]^

23 JUL 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
Onionhead gamma strain is now available in selected industrial anarchy systems. Following the Kumo Council's initiative, enough product was manufactured to supply approximately 10% of all industrial-based markets controlled by anarchic factions. Unlike previous versions of onionhead, this variant is not listed as a rare commodity. Adalyn Cross, a journalist for Vox Galactica, reported: "Onionhead gamma strain is being marketed to the public for medicinal use, but most customers are under no illusions regarding its real benefits. The Coalition for Legalisation claims that it is 'no more harmful or addictive than alcohol or coffee, with potential psychological and palliative benefits'. This has not prevented many authorities, especially in the Federation, from demanding that it remain universally outlawed. It is currently illegal in all but anarchy jurisdictions. There are serious concerns that it may act as a gateway drug to more harmful substances. Security services are also unhappy about the extra revenue flowing into Archon Delaine's coffers. Some logistics experts noted that onionhead gamma strain was distributed with surprising speed. It is already being reported as available from the following systems: Alici, Baraswar, Kishpakho, Nastrond and Nocori. It's been suggested that Sirius Corporation is secretly ferrying shipments of the drug via its freight transportation network, and is part of the deal between the Kumo Crew and the Blue Viper Club. Sinclair Faraldo, VP of Corporate Marketing, rejected this claim as 'absurd and libellous'."^[5]^

20 JUL 3307

- The Interstellar Health Organisation has published a preliminary analysis of onionhead gamma strain, a recreational drug also known as 'helix'. "As with the alpha, beta and Lucan strains, the active component is derived from seeds produced by the onionhead flower native to the planet Panem. These contain alkaloid compounds that have a temporary psychoactive effect on human perceptions and cognitive functions. In the gamma strain, these compounds have been genetically modified using synthetic molecules of unknown origin. This has diluted the concentration of psychotropics, therefore producing less intense hallucinogenic episodes. The practical advantages of these modifications are twofold. First, they allow onionhead to be economically mass-produced using artificial environments rather than grown as natural crops. Second, the gamma strain is more hardy and able to survive for longer periods in storage or sub-zero temperatures." Dr Himari Grey, an independent healthcare analyst, commented: "The IHO's report suggests we are looking at a type of onionhead designed to be sold in greater volume than previous variants. Its sophisticated composition means it is unlikely to have been developed by the Blue Viper Club. It's possible that the nomads acquired it from an unidentified research facility, and have now cut a deal with the Kumo Crew for distribution."^[4]^

15 JUL 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
The Kumo Crew syndicate has procured enough materials to introduce a new product to the market. The drug originated with the Blue Viper Club, a piratical travelling community whose dredger is currently in the vicinity of Kumo City station. It was confirmed that enough shipments of agronomic treatment, liquid oxygen and performance enhancers were received to enable immediate mass production. Pilots also fought to protect haulage vessels from pirate ships, suspected to be Kumo Crew rivals. The Interstellar Health Organisation has obtained a product sample and confirmed that, despite the name 'helix', it is a new variant of the recreational drug onionhead. As such, the product will be legally classified as onionhead gamma strain when it appears on the market. Despite claims of medicinal and psychological benefits, it is likely to be illegal in most systems. President Zachary Hudson, Princess Aisling Duval and several other political heavyweights have expressed outrage at the open manner by which its ingredients were procured. Archon Delaine, warlord of the Kumo Crew, responded: "Every system government generates revenue from the pharmaceutical trade, so the holier-than-thou attitude from these hypocrites turns my stomach. Helix brings happiness, and provides income for my people. I make no apologies!" Rewards for pilots who contributed to this campaign are now available at Kumo City in the Pegasi Sector PN-T C3-14 system.^[3]^

12 JUL 3307

- A new product being manufactured by the Kumo Crew could be a version of onionhead, the controversial recreational drug. Dr Himari Grey, an independent healthcare analyst, published this review on Vox Galactica: "Little is yet known about 'helix', but the persistent rumour that it is derived from onionhead has sparked keen interest from physicians, politicians and narcotics users alike. Onionhead's active ingredient is extracted from plant seeds found only on Panem in the Kappa Fornacis system. Its psychotropic and hallucinogenic qualities are well documented, but there is conflicting evidence regarding addictive strength and toxicology. This didn't stop it being banned in the Federation in 3300 by former President Jasmina Halsey, who was concerned about its popularity among youth culture. Political fireworks followed when Fleet Admiral Vincent bombed onionhead crops against her orders, which five years later led to the Scythe of Panem terrorists seeking revenge. Production soon shifted to the Tanmark system, where the Lucan onionhead strain boosted its popularity. Two further variants have appeared since, a result of enterprising genetic engineers modifying the seeds to flourish in different ecospheres. Could helix be another strain? The Interstellar Health Organisation (IHO) is currently acquiring samples for analysis, so we'll soon know if this marks a new chapter in onionhead's notorious story."^[2]^

08 JUL 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
The Kumo Crew syndicate is requesting deliveries to mass-produce a recreational drug named 'helix'. The drug is believed to originate with the Blue Viper Club, a nomadic clan travelling aboard an ancient dredger that recently appeared near Kumo City station. Arch-Corsair Kay Volantyne, representing the Kumo Council, provided details to local newsfeed The Pegasi Sentinel: "Helix will change lives across the galaxy! Derived from high-quality organic crops, and with many medicinal and psychological benefits, it is guaranteed to bring contentment. All we need to kick-start manufacture are deliveries of agronomic treatment, liquid oxygen and performance enhancers to Kumo City in the Pegasi Sector PN-T C3-14 system. The Kumo Council also offers generous bounties on all wanted ships to protect traders carrying these commodities." Many authorities have registered concern that this will exacerbate drug addiction and misuse, which are common social problems. However, some markets have shown interest in the potential new product. Vox Galactica has reported rumours that helix may be a previously unknown strain of onionhead, a highly popular psychedelic. It remains unknown whether the Blue Viper Club cultivated helix aboard their dredger or acquired it from another source.^[1]^

02 JUL 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
A Blue Viper Club dredger has entered the Pegasi Sector PN-T C3-14 system, and may have links with the Kumo Crew syndicate. The Dredger-class bulk cruiser has taken position near Kumo City, one of five starports recently constructed by pirate warlord Archon Delaine. Dredger Clans are nomadic communities that travel on the fringes of civilisation, and their ancient vessels are rarely seen. Pilots in Pegasi Sector PN-T C3-14 have been warned to keep a safe distance from the dredger. Francesca Wolfe of the Wallglass Investigations Agency published her observations: "The Blue Viper Club is a fiercely independent tribe with an unsavoury reputation. Dredger Clans typically survive by gathering materials and salvage, but these people indulge in more criminal behaviour including drug running and raiding outposts. The clan occupies more than one dredger, but these have never entered an inhabited system before now. There has been no conflict with local factions or system security. However, unmarked personnel shuttles have been witnessed travelling to and from the dredger. Are we looking at a piratical alliance between the Blue Viper Club and the Kumo Crew? Is Archon Delaine expanding his reach to the Dredger Clans? Or have they brought him something of value that they discovered in deep space?"^[15]^