# Orion University
## Orion University

### Members

See list

### Location

Core Systems

### Type

University

### Purpose

Provide higher education services

**Orion University**, also called **Orion Independent University**, is the largest independent education institution in the Core Systems. It traces its history at least as far back as 3125, when it absorbed Scrivener College, the original owner of The Scriveners Clan Dredger. It is rivalled in prestige only by Olympus Village University and the Imperial Science Academy.

## 

Contents

- 1 Fleet
- 2 Staff
- 3 Timeline
- 4 References

## Fleet

Orion University commissioned a megaship in October 3307 for its unsuccessful attempt to reclaim Dredger J-403.

- Scientia Aeterna, HIP 18238

## Staff

- Leland Pettigrew - Vice Chancellor
- Professor Elizabeth Perez - Head of Anthropology
- Professor Ophelia Kaufmann - Head of Economics

## Timeline

31 DEC 3307

- The last in a series that reviews the events of the past year, by noted historian Sima Kalhana.
"October brought further controversy for the Federation, when a diplomatic conference in the Delta Pavonis system was revealed to be a honey trap designed to capture Yuri Grom. Only a rush of support for EG Union allowed their ruler to escape, causing political embarrassment for President Hudson. There was more corporate drama when Zemina Torval relinquished her long-held majority sharehold of Mastopolos Mining, fuelling rumours of a family rift with her cousins. Torval Mining Ltd became a fully independent corporation run by her daughter Constantia. The Colonia Bridge project officially started the first of two phases this year which would see the construction of 56 megaships between the Alcor and Colonia systems. Brewer Corporation enjoyed great public support for improving this travel corridor along the 22,000 light year journey, and revealed plans to enhance it further in the new year. Hadrian Duval, his wife Lady Astrid and their unborn child were the specific targets of another starport bombing by the NMLA. It proved unsuccessful, but did result in the Imperial Senate offering them protection in order to secure the Duval bloodline. It also led to a manhunt for Theta Seven, the galaxy's most wanted terrorist. In November, Orion University claimed that the dredger occupied by the Scriveners Clan was legally their property, but the nomadic descendants of its original crew refused to give up their home. The stand-off caught the public attention, with some supporting the clan's right to independence and others keen to discover what their Knowledge Core contained. Ultimately the Scriveners retained their freedom, sailing off into the void with their secrets intact. Many were shocked when Admiral Tanner, Aegis's military chief, went rogue and tried to force access to a starport controlled by Salvation's allies. His conviction that the anti-xeno superweapons were responsible for provoking the Thargoids was, however, not enough to win the day. The NMLA threw everything they had at the Mudhrid system in an attempt to rescue Theta Seven, who was hiding among the Far God cult to avoid capture. But the terrorists were crushed by ACT and a coalition of ships, with Theta Seven martyring himself by destroying the hijacked megaship Sacrosanct. A happier event in December was the birth of Hector Duval, son and heir of Hadrian and Lady Astrid. There were celebrations across the Empire, but also questions asked about the future of the Duval dynasty and if the child might one day inherit the Imperial throne. The year ended as it had begun, with Thargoid vessels swarming into nebula systems. But with incursions steadily increasing over recent months, there were fears that this time they might prove unstoppable. Salvation's superweapons were once again deployed to halt the aliens' progress, but will they be enough to prevent the Thargoids from threatening humanity in 3308?"^[1]^

03 DEC 3307

- \*Pilots' Federation ALERT\*
The Scriveners Clan dredger has departed from the Oochost PC-C c29-0 system to an unknown destination. Freelance reporter Casey Kilpatrick provided a report for Vox Galactica: "After a coalition of supporters helped them to bypass Orion University's override codes, the Scriveners Clan has finally resumed their nomadic lifestyle. To its credit, the university has finally taken stock of public opinion and agreed not to pursue its ownership claims over the ancient dredger. Many in the scientific community have pointed out that the contents of the Knowledge Core, around which the Scriveners' entire culture is based, will now remain a mystery. There are rumours that this tribe of academic researchers have acquired data about the Guardians during their decades of wandering, which was perhaps the real prize sought by Orion University. Concerns have also been raised about the Scriveners' chances of survival if they encounter hostile forces. Had the Scientia Aeterna megaship been allowed to accompany the dredger, it could have offered protection or at least called for assistance. Now that the Scriveners Clan have resumed a solitary existence, their fate is once again entirely in their hands."^[2]^

25 NOV 3307

- \*Pilots' Federation ALERT\*
The Scriveners Clan dredger has been fully repaired, following twin initiatives in the HIP 43670 system. A campaign by supporters of the Scriveners Clan delivered emergency power cells, power converters and power transfer buses to the Alliance of HIP 42371 at Oramus Terminal. A spokesperson for the group announced: "As a result of our efforts, the dredger has received sufficient supplies to effect repairs. Most importantly, the new power systems mean it will shortly be able to bypass Orion University's override codes and be free to travel the galaxy once more." A parallel campaign by Orion University's partner Independent HIP 43670 Labour requested deliveries of anomalous bulk scan data, unusual encrypted files and unidentified scan archives to Shaara Gateway in HIP 43670. However, these were not sufficient to convince the nomadic tribe to agree to its offer of sharing future discoveries. Vice Chancellor Leland Pettigrew expressed his regret, but confirmed that Orion University will honour the outcome and withdraw its claim over the dredger. Contributors to both initiatives can now collect their rewards from Shaara Gateway or Oramus Terminal in the HIP 43670 system.^[3]^

18 NOV 3307

- \*Pilots' Federation ALERT\*
The HIP 43670 system is hosting two competing delivery initiatives, each of which aims to benefit the Scriveners Clan. Orion University has partnered with Independent HIP 43670 Labour, which is requesting deliveries of anomalous bulk scan data, unusual encrypted files and unidentified scan archives to Shaara Gateway in HIP 43670. The university's campaign was explained by Vice Chancellor Leland Pettigrew: "Although Dredger J-403 is legally our property, what we value most is the Scriveners Clan's dedication to deep-space research. To convince them of our noble intentions, we are donating scientific data and samples to their Knowledge Core. Our proposal is that they permit us to accompany them on their journey and share in any future discoveries." An alternative campaign is also taking place in the HIP 43670 system. Supporters of the Scriveners Clan are being asked to gather emergency power cells, power converters and power transfer buses and deliver them to the Alliance of HIP 42371 at Oramus Terminal. A spokesperson told the media: "These supplies are needed to perform vital repairs to the dredger. Furthermore, if the power systems are sufficiently updated, they can bypass the ancient components affected by Orion University's override codes and continue travelling independently." Although there remains no response from the Scriveners Clan, the dredger is now actively monitoring all local and interstellar transmissions. This is a new development for the isolated community, and suggests they are aware of these campaigns.^[4]^

15 NOV 3307

- Orion University has been informed that its ownership claim of the Scriveners Clan dredger is placing its population at great risk. In the Oochost PC-C c29-0 system, the university's megaship Scientia Aeterna has used override codes to prevent the dredger from departing. But the nomadic tribe's refusal to abandon their home has placed them under great pressure, as observed by freelance reporter Casey Kilpatrick: "Dredger-class bulk cruisers are the sharks of space – they must always keep moving, constantly gathering raw materials to synthesize into fuel, air and other resources. The Scriveners Clan remained stationary for months while salvaging the Hesperus, but in this system they are trapped without such vital intakes. Independent observers are now reporting malfunctions in the vessel's power and life support systems. If the Scriveners maintain their siege mentality, further mechanical failures are inevitable. Orion might inherit the dredger after all, but it will be a ship of the dead." Professor Elizabeth Perez, Orion University's head of anthropology, responded: "The last thing we wish is for any harm to befall these people. My colleagues are urgently discussing ways to convince the Scriveners Clan that we have their best interests at heart. After all, as fellow scientists and researchers, they are a living embodiment of our university's core values."^[5]^

09 NOV 3307

- The nomadic Scriveners Clan continues to resist Orion University's attempts to take possession of their dredger. Freelance reporter Casey Kilpatrick published an update from the Oochost PC-C c29-0 system: "Orion University's claim that the vessel is their property has been countered by Advocacy's reminder of laws preventing cultural contamination. So the question now is: who actually owns the dredger? Is it the families that have lived there for generations, or the organisation which originally built it? Various solutions have been proposed to resolve this stand-off. These include an offer from Canonn Interstellar Research Group to purchase the dredger from Orion University, gift it to the Scriveners Clan then publicly share the contents of their mysterious Knowledge Core. However, two centuries of isolation have instilled this academia-focused society with a pathological need to protect its research. They are no more likely to cooperate than a deeply religious nation asked to hand over its most holy artefact. Orion's megaship Scientia Aeterna is still transmitting requests to communicate. I have even seen one of its secondary craft narrowly avoid being consumed by the dredger's maw while searching for an access point. But the Scriveners are locked down tight, and this siege situation shows no sign of ending."^[6]^

01 NOV 3307

- The Scriveners Clan's legal ownership of their dredger has been supported by the civil rights organisation Advocacy. The ancient Dredger-class bulk cruiser, currently located in the Oochost PC-C c29-0 system, is inhabited by a nomadic tribe descended from the vessel's original crew. Orion University claims that the cruiser is its commercial property, but has failed to make contact with its occupants. Rhiannon Grady, director of Advocacy, explained: "For centuries, there has been widespread legislation to protect remote communities from cultural contamination. These laws apply to micro-societies, such as those found aboard generation ships, that evolved in isolation. Therefore, Orion University should not presume to deprive over ten thousand people of the only home they have ever known. Unlike cases such as the Golconda, which requested emergency assistance, in this case we are legally and morally obliged to respect the status quo." Professor Elizabeth Perez, head of anthropology at Orion University, responded: "I was involved with the Golconda aid efforts, and fully appreciate the delicacy of this situation. But the dredger's age and condition makes it a hazardous environment for its people. Evacuation should be considered for their own safety, with appropriate measures to minimise cultural disruption." The university's megaship, Scientia Aeterna, has halted attempts to gain access to the Scriveners Clan dredger. However, it has not withdrawn its remote override of the vessel's hyperdrive.^[7]^

22 OCT 3307

- The spacefaring tribe that lives aboard an ancient dredger has refused to allow Orion University to take possession of the vessel. Vox Galactica published an eye-witness account by freelance reporter Casey Kilpatrick from the Oochost PC-C c29-0 system: "Once the Scriveners Clan was found, it wasn't long before Orion University arrived. Their megaship, Scientia Aeterna, remotely disabled the dredger's hyperdrive using a series of override codes. These had been unearthed from the university's archives, along with evidence that the ship – commissioned in 3088 as Dredger J-403 – legally belongs to them. Despite being unable to escape, the Scriveners have made a stand. All requests to communicate were roundly ignored. I've watched several craft try to dock with the dredger, only to be met with sealed airlocks and an electrified hull. It's clear that these people are unwilling to give up their home simply because of centuries-old legislation. But it's also apparent that Orion University is interested in more than just reclaiming lost property... The Scriveners possess something that they refer to as a Knowledge Core, which contains everything that this scholarly society has learned during its long voyage. What discoveries might this database contain? And how far will the university go to get their hands on it?"^[8]^

18 OCT 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
The dredger inhabited by the nomadic Scriveners Clan has been found within the Oochost PC-C c29-0 system. Independent pilots conducted a search for the vessel in response to a request from Orion University, which claims that the Dredger-class bulk cruiser is its commercial property. Vice Chancellor Leland Pettigrew announced the operation's success: "Congratulations to the pilots who managed to locate Dredger J-403. The university will shortly dispatch a megaship to take ownership and arrange repatriation for its current occupants." The dredger is currently orbiting an ice world in the Oochost PC-C c29-0 system. It is believed to be collecting raw material from planetary rings to sustain its onboard systems, a design feature that allows it to remain self-sufficient indefinitely. There has been no communication with the Scriveners Clan, the spacefaring tribe descended from an academic institute that was later absorbed into Orion University. It is known that they shun contact with all outsiders to protect their Knowledge Core, a repository of research conducted over the past two centuries.^[9]^

14 OCT 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
Rewards are being offered by Orion University to locate the Scriveners Clan dredger, which it claims as its legal property. The self-sustaining Dredger-class bulk cruiser was launched two centuries ago by an academic institute that was later absorbed by the university. Since then the dredger has become the home for a nomadic tribe called the Scriveners Clan, which refuses contact with all outsiders. Vice Chancellor Leland Pettigrew told the media: "Orion University is willing to reward pilots who can pinpoint the dredger's current location. We believe it is still within 500 light years of the Perseus Dark Region KC-V c2-2 system. Pilots who are interested in helping should first dock at Ring Mine station in the 2MASS J03291977+3124572 system, to automatically sign up to the search operation. Our associates at the starport, Deep Space Mining, will provide further information including details of the reward."^[10]^

13 OCT 3307

- The ancient spacefaring home of the Scriveners Clan is the legal property of Orion University, according to newfound historical records. The Scriveners Clan is a nomadic tribe travelling onboard a self-sufficient Dredger-class bulk cruiser. Their society is descended from an academic organisation that sent out a research fleet two centuries ago. Unlike some dredger clans, they refuse to have any contact with outsiders. Vice Chancellor Leland Pettigrew of Orion University made this statement: "In the year 3088, Dredger J-403 was commissioned for an exploration mission by an academic institute named Scrivener College. This was absorbed into our university in 3125. Documents detailing these facts were recently discovered in our archives and verified by the courts. Therefore the dredger, including all of its contents, is legally owned by Orion University. Naturally we bear no ill will toward its current populace, but the vessel they inhabit has always been our commercial property." The Scriveners Clan dredger was last seen in the Perseus Dark Region KC-V c2-2 system, where it was salvaging the Hesperus megaship. On the 9th of July it made a hyperspace jump to an unknown destination within 500 light years. Orion University is the largest independent educational institution in the core systems, rivalled only by the Imperial Science Academy and Olympus Village University.^[11]^

08 DEC 3306

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
The values of combat bonds and anti-xeno bonds have been increased, as factions focus on bolstering defences.
Financial instability and the current political tensions have led to factions upscaling their rewards for combat bonds, as well as bonds received for destroying Thargoid vessels. These increases to anti-xeno and combat bonds will be in effect across Alliance, Federal, Imperial and independent space. They can be processed as usual at any starport offering the relevant services. This follows a turbulent period in many marketplaces that has impacted commodity prices, as well as producing a boost to the value of bounty vouchers. The changes were remarked upon by Professor Ophelia Kaufmann, head of economics at Orion Independent University: "As anticipated, the ongoing volatility of financial markets has led to further widespread revaluation. With heightened hostility between the Empire and the Federation, coupled with terrorist attacks and a resurgence in Thargoid activity, it is hardly surprising that every faction now places a greater premium on protecting their citizens. Although some may view the current tranche of changes as inevitable or overdue, there may well be additional revaluing in other fields as a result of competing market forces. The only certainty is of further uncertainty."^[12]^

23 NOV 3306

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
Volatile trading markets have caused widespread price changes on several commodities, with a focus on the mining sector.
Alongside general market instability, unprecedented stock levels for a range of mined materials such as painite – once the gold standard of many systems – mean they now have uncertain futures. Many financial experts predicted this correction to the markets, and saw it as an inevitable change. Others see this as a direct result of escalating tensions between the Empire and the Federation, with a few dismissing it as a minor anomaly and that prices will rapidly return to normal. Professor Ophelia Kaufmann, head of economics at Orion Independent University, observed: "There is certainly historical precedent for volatile markets during periods of political instability. Whatever the real cause or outlook in the short term, commodity values have become far more susceptible to market forces. This is a notoriously difficult field in which to make predictions, but it is likely that prices for some lower-value goods may increase. The only certainty is of further fluctuations, but their severity will largely depend on how the precarious situation between superpowers is resolved."^[13]^

05 DEC 3305

- The crew of the generation ship Golconda have migrated to their new home - the outpost Forester's Choice in the Upaniklis system. Following a successful bid to assist the Golconda crew with their relocation, the Federation arranged for transportation from the ancient vessel to the outpost now in orbit around Upaniklis B 3. Communication with the generation ship in the days prior to departure revealed a certain amount of trepidation among their people. But with centuries of space travel having exhausted the Golconda's ability to adequately sustain the colonists, the majority supported the decision to relocate. The Golconda's command staff also confirmed that they would continue distillation of the beverage Apa Vietii. This unique spirit will be on sale to traders from Forester's Choice. Professor Elizabeth Perez, head of anthropology at Orion Independent University, was on hand to observe the mass resettlement: "Many of the colonists openly wept as they stepped aboard the transport vessels, speaking words of thanks and sorrow to the Golconda itself. On several occasions, the emigrants broke spontaneously into song, with hundreds locked arm-in-arm. During the flight I overheard a group of youths chatting excitedly about the technology that would be available to them, perhaps ignorant of the significance of their journey. But most striking was the people's collective determination to maintain their unique culture, and to remain together as they enter this new chapter. It remains to be seen whether this society will retain its isolationist outlook or willingly integrate with the galaxy. We can only hope that these remarkable travellers from the past will be left alone long enough to explore 34th-century humanity at their own pace." To celebrate this historic event, the Federation has announced that a purchase discount will be applied to Federal ships between the 5th and 16th of December 3305.^[14]^

22 NOV 3305

- The inhabitants of the generation ship Golconda have offered a token of gratitude to authorities in the Upaniklis system for their recent help. The gift was a case of an alcoholic spirit labelled Apa Vietii, distilled only aboard the Golconda for many centuries. An accompanying note explained that the production technique has remained largely unchanged since the 22nd century. Analysis of the beverage confirmed it was safe for consumption, although nothing is known of the raw ingredients or distillation process. As yet very few people have sampled Apa Vietii, but the celebrated gourmet and critic Giles Cappelleo was invited to appraise the spirit: "Well, what a delight this is – to experience a previously unheard-of libation! Apa Vietii is refreshing on the palate with a smooth, crisp flavour, but delivers a vigorous thump to the senses once swallowed. If it ever becomes widely available, connoisseurs everywhere would surely adore it. The Golconda crew is sitting atop a potential goldmine!" Professor Elizabeth Perez of the Orion Independent University provided an anthropologist's take: "This is a significant gesture from a society that has been highly reluctant to interact with outsiders. Although their isolationist stance remains prevalent, offering Apa Vietii could be interpreted as the start of a cultural exchange programme prior to rejoining civilisation."^[15]^

11 NOV 3305

- The culture of the generation ship Golconda has been examined by Professor Elizabeth Perez, head of anthropology at Orion Independent University. "Little is known about the Golconda's origins. There are no intact records of its launch, and the lack of archived blueprints suggests a privately funded colonisation attempt. But there's no doubt this microcosm of 22nd Century society will have diverged over the past thousand years. The inhabitants' language is entirely comprehensible, however, and their social structure is recognisable. Rigid security measures are in evidence, as one would expect from an isolationist culture. We also know there is a custodian tasked with ensuring the community's wellbeing, and a chaplain who provides spiritual guidance. All signs point to contentment with – maybe even an addiction to – their spacefaring existence." While audio messages recorded by the Golconda crew are available to the galactic community, only a select handful of individuals representing Upaniklis Vision Incorporated have been permitted to dock with the Golconda. Professor Perez travelled to Upaniklis to speak with them as part of her study. "Interviews with those who delivered supplies were fascinating. As one pilot put it: 'The loading procedures were done at top speed, hardly any comms chatter at all. Nobody on the Golconda entered the cargo bays before we left. I got the impression they were scared stiff of us.' History shows that isolated cultures can be irrevocably damaged by contact with outsiders. We must ensure that efforts to support the Golconda community do not destroy this unique bubble-colony."^[16]^