# Snake Sector species
The **Snake Sector species** is an unidentified species of predatory, subterranean-dwelling insectoids native to the moon Snake Sector GW-W c1-1 AB 5 b in the Snake Sector GW-W c1-1 system. They are described as spider-like, but with more legs, solid white colouration, a lamprey-like mouth, and a body size comparable to a human fist. They also live in swarms of hundreds, possess rapid movement, and consider all other heat-producing lifeforms to be prey.

The unnamed species was first encountered by the researchers of Holloway Bioscience Research Facility 15 in 3255. Logs recovered from a mercenary unit's ill-fated investigation of the facility revealed that the facility's waste heat had attracted the creatures, which emerged from their enclosed, underground ecosystem through melted sub-surface ice and killed the researchers, and then most of the mercenaries who were sent to check on the researchers. Some mercenaries survived by deactivating the facility's power centre, which caused the creatures to retreat underground from the cold and then re-froze the passage to the surface.

The Holloway Bioscience Institute refused to comment on rumours of the species' existence after independent pilots rediscovered Holloway Bioscience Research Facility 15 in late 3307.

## Timeline

10 NOV 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
A distress call has led independent pilots to locate an abandoned settlement in the Snake Sector GW-W c1-1 system. The SOS was initially detected by one of the megaships that form the Colonia Bridge, inspiring many ships to search nearby systems. The source was eventually identified as Holloway Bioscience Research Facility 15 on the moon Snake Sector GW-W c1-1 AB 5 b. Pilots unearthed a series of mission logs recorded in the year 3255 by a freelance military unit named Excalibur Troop. As yet, the contents of these logs have not been made available to newsfeeds. Aanya Gupta, CEO of the Holloway Bioscience Institute, gave a statement to the press: "Research Facility 15 was one of the first wave of planetary survey laboratories established by our founder, the esteemed scientist Lord Roland Holloway. Our records of these settlements are patchy, so we are grateful that this has been located. Unfortunately, we can find no data regarding Excalibur Troop or the circumstances under which they were contracted. Our investigative teams are on-site to gather further information." The Holloway Bioscience Institute refused to comment on rumours that a previously unidentified life form had been encountered by the research facility's original crew.^[1]^

29 OCT 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
Thirty megaships have been placed between the core systems and the Colonia region to serve as stationary ports. Twenty-five dockable megaships were sent out from the Alcor system toward Colonia, taking position in systems approximately 400 to 500 light years apart. Five further megaships have been established from the direction of the Colonia system. Each vessel serves as a permanent way station for travellers and businesses, designed to improve the journey to and from Colonia. A variety of services are provided, including tritium refuelling for Drake-class fleet carriers. The Colonia Bridge is the product of Brewer Corporation, which ran a highly successful deliveries campaign to collect resources. The megacorp has confirmed that phase two of this project will commence next week. During the creation of the Colonia Bridge, the crew aboard the stationary megaship Memories of Oresrati in the Snake Sector OD-S b4-2 system reported an unusual incident. A distorted transmission that could have been an SOS was detected on long-range sensors. Although they were unable to triangulate its source, the signal strength suggested a point of origin within 50 light years.^[2]^