# The Scriveners Clan Dredger
## The Scriveners Clan Dredger

		

## Overview

### Model

Bulk Cruiser

### Class

Dredger

### Hyperdrive

Unidentified obsolete
hyperdrive

## Usage

### Years in Service

3088 - Present

### Affiliation

Independent

### Owner

Scriveners Clan
Orion Independent University
Scrivener College (formerly)

### Commander

Lector-General Calligore

### Crew

Dean-Colonel Thesilius
Research-Sergeant Indesh
Datagrapher Authell
Datagrapher Biblian

## Location

### System

Synuefai OS-O C8-1

### Orbit/Body

A 1

**The Scriveners Clan Dredger**, originally designated **Dredger J-403**, is a Dredger Megaship owned and operated by the Scriveners Clan, a Dredger Clan. The Scriveners Clan are descended from the personnel of a research fleet that was launched on an exploration mission in 3088 by an academic institute called Scrivener College. Traveling the stars aboard their antique Dredger, the Scriveners are a non-aggressive, isolationist, and self-sufficient society, and are in constant search of new data to scavenge and add to their Knowledge Core. Their culture is thought to be a synthesis of scholastic and military elements that developed over the centuries since their mission began.

On April 8, 3307, The Scriveners Clan Dredger discovered the Hesperus in Perseus Dark Region KC-V c2-2. The Dredger's approach triggered an automatic emergency broadcast from the Hesperus that reached a beacon aboard its sister ship, the Adamastor. By the time independent pilots tracked the source of the signal down on April 10, the Scriveners Clan had already stripped the Hesperus of any valuable data and components. The Scriveners abandoned the gutted hull of the Hesperus on July 9 and departed for the Oochost PC-C c29-0 system to escape public attention.

On October 13, 3307, Orion University asserted legal ownership of the Dredger and its contents based on historical records that revealed the university had acquired Scrivener College in 3125, and the following day it launched a search effort in partnership with Deep Space Mining that successfully located the vessel. However, Orion University's efforts to board and reclaim the dredger after using override codes to remotely disable its hyperdrive were rebuffed by the Scriveners, triggering a standoff situation that lasted from October 22 to November 25. With the help of sympathizers across the galactic community, the Scriveners received enough resource donations to repair and upgrade their dredger to bypass the override codes, and Orion University opted to forfeit its claim of ownership. The Scriveners left Oochost PC-C c29-0 for an unknown destination on December 2, 3307.

Shorty before April 11, 3311, the Dredger Clan was rediscovered in orbit of the first planet of the Synuefai OS-O C8-1 system by CMDR Marina Oatmeal. It is unknown when they arrived in this system, nor how long they have been there, but there has been no changes to the Data Point uplink logs.

## 

Contents

- 1 Flight Plan
- 2 Logs
    - 2.1 Salvage Claim
    - 2.2 Scriveners Clan - Upload Log (Encrypted)
    - 2.3 Hesperus Logs (Tourist Beacon)
    - 2.4 Warning!
    - 2.5 Data Nodes
- 3 Timeline
- 4 Gallery
- 5 References

## Flight Plan

| System | Planet | ExpandNotes |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Perseus Dark Region KC-V c2-2 | B A Belt Cluster 1 | Arrived on April 8, 3307 and began salvage of the Hesperus; discovered on April 10, 3307; departed on July 9, 3307 |
| Oochost PC-C c29-0 | AB 1 i | Discovered on October 14, 3307; departed on December 2, 3307 |
| *Unknown* | *Unknown* |  |
| Synuefai OS-O C8-1 | A 1 | Current Location |

## Logs

### Salvage Claim

| Log No. | ExpandLog Text |
| --- | --- |
| 1/1 | This is a message from the Scriveners Clan to all ships arriving in this area.
<br>We claim this megaship as legitimate salvage.  Our scouts have already inspected its interior and taken any useful cargo that remained. Its data drives have been removed and are being incorporated into the Knowledge Core that our people have sustained for decades.<br><br><br>The remains will be converted into raw materials for our use. The megaship no longer has any value to you or anyone else.<br><br><br>Be warned! The Scriveners Clan does not communicate with outsiders. We will not initiate hostile action, but you are cautioned not to interfere with our procedures.<br> |

### Scriveners Clan - Upload Log (Encrypted)

| Log No. | ExpandLog Text |
| --- | --- |
| 1/4 | **SCRIVENERS CLAN - UPLOAD LOG 1/4**<br>Knowledge Core input VF-77655657<br>Status: FAIL<br>Manual intervention required.<br>Datagrapher Authell's report: Most files from the megaship's computer we uploaded without error, but this defied our archiving process. Upon further inspection, I found it to be encoded with a customised algorithm.
<br>File contents:<br><br><br>Timestamp: 12/07/3113 21:05<br><br><br>oadbedba---Temcnigrgoe-y-.Ensil-ui-etseianhtK-em-leede,nuptu..tc<br>g-.s-aniceyhtiih--ynocfet-raH-re.sel-psuh-ea-eerrot-t-ophtvbt-hs<br>-ehah-pi-stynereko-nevatb-e.nes-dmeeiylosr-eoMfohts-e-t-rc-aa-ie<br>eer-r-htedw-o--nd-rniiih,gdPki.sl-e'tu---slsrapanam-.seiaHhdot-.<br>eb--yehTah--Isregeenepa-st-ibn,dnaolcri-duow-g-e-osymmfoo-nht-sp<br>Horwoo-.t-n-h-d--Iehtldiyeesovuocdieh--rkcaeT-m-tehh-ysuva?lebaw<br>inegn-tia--tt-t-eih-,smiubltott-yadj-yehsu-...ne-o-ifpdeer.ouCwo<br>m-tsod-n-t-ts-ir-ceifuytsrfoi-dugcnM-Inija,hU-,uhamnert-t-rTb-eg<br>rirwedc--.er-e-trer-esewamhaehtnt-dehi-oc-cnogdiah--to-sugruiol-<br>atn-n.-nohpl-,-ynhtrteoclor.-dH-phtreesesuecP-taVirlev-esa--a--l<br>ndnga-amdeo--oehaagobt-rtutela-fe-fs-ohticheecmaat-dne-,w-n-amti<br>oedt--t-eh--tfigee-irnengnabvew-hleuosti-tl'niope-g.dsttl-e--eba<br>didt-selehv-nes-tos-eriuoss-eh-lv'y-elahottnaef--crsuhroi-ssep,n<br>hsrciow--h-fuoubudl-s--y-ah--wsr-oh'lu-.evepuoP-rhgamtahasf-necr<br>am-ireneseiafe-.frolienlrtbpoi-se-nriihts-thicytblatui-,t-es-sht<br>bsigi--eegiyo-tanept-roieht.evreue-llvp-de'enU.s-elams..by--htma<br>t-eihs-egn--padeoept-nt-ehhsadot-amaMs?rekA'es-.-snhtefiye-ea-kc<br>-ttieadehtdit-o-ueh-sm-rsurm-gspphsori-,ixnlysnss-w-erouoich-a-<br>ovaametuitdtllnea-yd-s-tsia-Asegil-st-san-orsmi-hturahP-amz-ipum<br>-nenk-tswoasobuoptuor--reba-hta--neht,dnta-sehuo-yisfdnngttfohn<br>an--nomura-taf-.dtct-snAahekemt-ynal'seh-l-elloy-a-otneng-i.t-eh<br>f-orit-mtstsT-csnehit-eits-wraksg-em-ani-e-stauons'xe--r-thypeah<br>s-.e-T'tsatB--usiewev-vr-.---tno--lahdt'evu-c-h-.ulH-ewowoaenaas<br>-l-ht-evsec-ep?elponalB--k-<br> |
| 2/4 | **SCRIVENERS CLAN - UPLOAD LOG 2/4**<br>Knowledge Core input VF-77655658<br>Status: FAIL<br>Manual intervention required.<br>Datagrapher Authell's report: This is the second file that has resisted automatic processing due to its coded structure. The encryption resembles that of file VF-77655657, suggesting a common source. I am passing both files to Lector-General Calligore's department for further analysis.
<br>File contents:<br><br><br>Timestamp: 13/07/3113 02:32<br><br><br>eadhbbea---eeiaeLnunKmttel-m,nryeg-ecoeel-nn,lrg-far-ei.yn-'ea<br>dWnvmeoaet-g-omr--ovadduenuneet-sefcd-eotverolarwrs-uoa-h-,nght-<br>eliohfstule--ilhi-ekthi-e-psed-tTseer--dseh.-raohclgh--dodasenus<br>ph-dd-poroeft-eidlsirehomt-nwer-dec,eleo-h-ue-rrua-tio-shsthnni-<br>urtggo-hihgroehrsti-rrbdc-,od-tetunsd-yluehywlani-tleu.--teqPiDa<br>a-rdhsem-ipam..--nG.y,oo-htdy-ehhsopct-ps!saaeWel---vp-ahna-m-o-<br>.tsjppehuV-i-saallschot-onuv-reo-e-etepudxesesocelhi-gtav-srac-e<br>io-rtdraets-ntc-eawi,l-hol-ieaeeelrdvnoy-t-olhtub-nea-sc-yahel-o<br>e.r'-rhdv-de--re-ejtrn-oosuiodn--ab-tareneh-c-.nfo'laart-of-lt-s<br>rdeooe----.hhehv-Teyatnn-am'teg-kabdocyl-m-oaocde--mndycm-soo,tl<br>be'---als-eloelgube--f-ttll-ono-lcotlatfr-l-c-en-hdsoypaexeriron<br>fl-aoa-ct.tr-f-f-A-eoeitwcshttn--ehiselasipv-itxeopneieegcnrtf-n<br>y,aoulStr-efemteoh--neoevm-awot--ntnuctnio-t-ineshmosse-,i-iyh<br>aaent--rgeremsy-iswtshrie-nttgnayatehao--c-m-atlaniia-eentrn.caL<br>-fet-setses'efigu-e--oatw-t-fvir-lsei-mt-'l.gogtc-oi-np-<br>nyrest--<br>-tlhes-oenigeehtctr-n-pacmol-etoru-rsasP,amh-ipodanew-e'ntete-t.<br>-c-tmtiBhzAuwtulnmlhiaa,--d-sl--'ttety-hallewonapktwhan--eph-.ds<br>nes.aitu.-gmvyerah--en-meegat-oketerahe-eH-tsep-ksbr.n-lu--a<br> |
| 3/4 | **SCRIVENERS CLAN - UPLOAD LOG 3/4**<br>Knowledge Core input VF-77655770
<br>Status: FAIL<br>Manual intervention required.<br>Datagrapher Biblian's report: This file was flagged due to its encrypted nature. Cross-referencing has found two similar instances (ref VF-77655657 and VF-77655658), but their encryption keys do not match. Research-Sergeant Indesh obtained this file from the internal drive of an empty EVA suit.<br><br><br>File contents:<br><br><br>Timestamp: 22/07/3113 09:40<br><br><br>---<br>bbaadcddmidjbgdfebldbbflnacifdcddndgjdfebbhkgbchbeafddfjebdbggbd<br>dggbbhnaffcdgicjcbbmcddldeebejjcalbfafchfcfcajdcahnec<br>dcecchbcifc<br>jcajcdcagiegeabkakagjbhgbchbbgcjbehchgfejagjdhadegbfockibdfeedbe<br>cgbdgeldcfehcbddfhccmdnleackdebbgoceigdb<br>-cdb<br>.dsna-ikltuexn.teonot..teyhre'rse-<br>T.urmerdsnetioheT'rytoh.tollim<br>e-n'onktheTiwyal-.slhat'stveo,ertockaoptreyhsalteftianao-oserpsp<br>eruethknHeakoepeonlltgeatbamt-<br>hyembrhugotonlynsaaiepPh-rmaetmath<br>lrlhetll'teaemh-l.eltetll'slelhasl.lthTt'aneir,en-angeju.tdsteu'<br>mlm.arBoreelngownwhiade-kytehlraybeigme.mTh-<br>ratkdclasdunoctmmoyh<br>muisinso-tpadchtnteeyhnaiasclo-<br>,tgxteisheneodchosldup?ilt-ireshs<br>ngithirehaktttsemhs-lhitaro?ndkicnbootgba-<br>thsyeecH.veascepeadaeo<br>ptmasagn-chewrziAutmktfenhomsaoeknlwbolye-<br>l?beiatreeneldishdohwa<br>t-tsita...e!seWrneoela-semeoetssboreehaeg.nThhloTkioto-go.dhlvea<br>tei.edisrsuoneeselangonynlusseivl,ieefl-ateoybne-hnlodbtlteumlg<br>hiaio.hrnsihettisl-labbydlsn'ropenhitaga-<br>ttsoiponssxiseilftth-so<br>tf.fyimuiskiaghnisrttkanCt-'..dni.-<br>fdunockoanseaerlighuthcatkroh<br>epmacbs.mCasl-lomcosLkatech.nkattlconteoubo-sewlgea,hdetramdysaw<br>e-reorrarsenseifath-<br><br>erdngideeonwstsrtacheefi.hrheTngifoT-leokoy.<br>eerwaththdatcewendalorotoynratdgtathusi'-<br>Agimzeu,insgnilsamaubsn<br>-nrnhongifodeaschrbelnueWeove'huhl.lnsohet-ostdunl.waawa-..sl!lt<br>lxheteamllidteg'n-ksmeohitodGsS.hioyhml.l.t.thu-asndamoneyis-eth<br>sireewrthicfeoolonathplysngeiyhre'eds-T..kdasGisoneo..enp.ervoney<br>unoaedanlbfd-seiphtontheacbhikcote-mejestu.rl'vl'NOileneiraer-on<br>gEeJsniuhitsiss.i.e.thhsTingi...ecRrdo<br> |
| 4/4 | **SCRIVENERS CLAN - UPLOAD LOG 4/4**<br>Knowledge Core input VF-77655771<br>Status: FAIL<br>Manual intervention required.<br>Datagrapher Biblian's report: A second file from the same source as VF-77655770 has been encrypted, preventing automatic transcription. Lector-General Calligore has ordered that this and any similar files be transferred to the Strategy College.
<br>File contents:<br><br><br>Timestamp: 22/07/3113 13:08<br><br><br>---<br>daacbaabdgbebbhaeibbfcdbkeefdcdcbgjacbhifafebhlekfidclfbhjfaefhe<br>bdgbadkbckehfefgadhddkhdcffoafalkddoedckadfdaeakllaicjabrdadedgd<br>fdhcjganbcebbicldadgdgjcaigficoaafldgdcgfjbcdefhealgdbjbmebghf<br>-cdb<br>o?dT-.dodleroWnathgnow?ooid-dlwhetba-lo...Hodldwheue?raytinonhas<br>slonl-cgdH?wnoamwnyautbho-nka,tsarpxteavhese.tre-Wonsaiighnowlru<br>tninuis'st-n.yiM-th..oensugoldubeehstwocabwearpatfesd-nusjreeka,<br>ervwhyinrnegliagenicmlsaelshecfbohetkecs-tbeepohreell'p.iThtreis<br>h-eehnteatnrtentomiata'ecdl-eanc,snutblelowdhithasteTR-aco.ldue.<br>mdlerbetouervonyf.lnEgheiserudlngi.-gncletginhlivinvev-ryeddeuto<br>.ltipWdiuoidwhohest'ashs.-kThdetnorwtiannoenviltatoe-hdtentigxni<br>pp.e.eibhitk.nd,llt-geahosis'orttintsshseiecomrtht'ry-fe.n.hetOX<br>TC.lrkadienka-mscaistleceemheesthcacinpaghi.stwa-krsAnnaldsoss.r<br><br>prlceohepicratbosmimrryath-eperohghuhigttteefind--eyrbmettsnomca<br>rpviiganth-eleostllaegdshaveafeTulo-hdone.cewdoomsseiehdrrlaletr<br>n.oeolrcengctntoupsorpliie-fneihetbl-md'oabd.relnnuoveeyorllidoe<br>shhske.-dndAbedinhnlnfteeaveebstuha-Shtxmesca'.oe'selVetgaysD-la<br>dborf,smyitniuecsriungiath-wsarenS.e'hthorseitle-hkeialsneoeldcp<br><br>,isotahownypdigrerhbosg-ntkalonkio.as'mldlihitmaobdnon-ewestu...<br>t'ihjsacb,tkco-eemidd'tncrrwaegiialnheTor-nee.edshtppateuhawunoh<br>od'vlTfe <br> |

### Hesperus Logs (Tourist Beacon)

| Log No. | ExpandLog Text |
| --- | --- |
| 1/1 | The Hesperus was a research vessel that vanished in 3113. It was the sister ship of the Adamastor, a derelict megaship in the Chukchan system. Both were owned by Azimuth Biochemicals and were investigating evidence of alien artefacts.
<br>The wreck of the Hesperus was discovered in April 3307 with its entire crew missing or dead. It had been salvaged by the Scriveners Clan, who removed its cargo and data drives.<br><br><br>Log 1:<br><br><br>Introduction:<br>This is the first of two encrypted logs they discovered within its main computer but were unable to decode.<br><br><br>File contents:<br><br><br>Timestamp: 12/07/3113 21:05<br><br><br>Emergency log. This is Lieutenant Kelemen, deputy... acting security chief on the Hesperus. I have to report that the ship has been overtaken by enemy soldiers. Most of the crew are either dead or in hiding, like us.<br><br><br>It's Pharmasapien. Has to be. They had sleeper agents onboard, including some of my own troops. How the hell did they avoid our checks? They must have been waiting all this time, but today they just... opened fire. Cut down most of security first, including Major Umaru, then the bridge crew. The rest were marched into the cargo holds at gunpoint. In an hour, they controlled the Hesperus.<br><br><br>Private Velasco and I managed to gather about half of the science team, and we made it to the aft engineering levels without being spotted. I've disabled the sensor suite so they'll have to search for us in person, which should buy us a few hours.<br><br><br>I've fought Pharmasapien mercenaries before. Infiltration is their speciality, but this is the biggest operation they've ever pulled. Unless... maybe the same thing happened to the Adamastor? Makes sense. If they attacked either them or us using ships, proximity sensors would have automatically sent a distress signal to Azimuth.<br><br><br>Pharmasapien must know about our probes then, and that they found signs of nonhuman artefacts. And that means they'll kill anyone to get to them first.<br><br><br>The scientists are asking me what's our next step. That's easy - we survive. But I don't have a clue how. How can I save these people?<br><br><br>Log 2:<br><br><br>Introduction: This is the second of two encrypted logs found in the Hesperus's data drives. There was no further evidence to explain the fate of the original crew's survivors.<br><br><br>File contents:<br><br><br>Timestamp: 13/07/3113 02:32<br><br><br>Lieutenant Kelemen, emergency log, final entry. We've managed to move around undetected for several hours now, although it feels like the ship is deserted. The cargo holds had hundreds of people imprisoned there, we could hear their shouts ringing through the corridors, but suddenly they all went quiet. Did Pharmasapien... my God, those psychopaths!<br><br><br>We have a plan to jump ship. Velasco has volunteered to use explosive charges to create a distraction, while I lead everyone to the launch bays. I've ordered her to rejoin us and not be a hero. I can't afford to lose her.<br><br><br>They haven't managed to block my command codes yet, so I'll be able to get full control of all the secondary exploration craft. A few of the scientists have piloting experience, fortunately. Some of them even want to continue the mission, saying there are systems within range that may contain alien artefacts. Let's see if we get out alive first.<br><br><br>I'm going to encrypt these logs in the central computer, so Pharmasapien won't detect them. But Azimuth will, and at least they'll know what happened... assuming they ever manage to retake the Hesperus.<br><br><br>Log 3:<br><br><br>Introduction: This log was found in the internal drive of an empty EVA suit, which was discovered aboard the Hesperus by the Scriveners Clan. As with the previous logs, it defied their efforts to decrypt it.<br><br><br>File contents:<br><br><br>Timestamp: 22/07/3113 09:40<br><br><br>Recording... this is... this is Junior Engineer O'Neill. I've just come back into the ship and found everyone poisoned. Gassed. They're lying on the floor with their eyes and mouths all... oh my God. Something's killed them all!<br><br><br>I was... I was out on the hull. We've been searching for nonhuman signals, using Azimuth's data to try and locate what they were looking for. The chief started wondering if the sensor arrays were damaged, so I went out to check. Lost all comms. Came back through the airlock and found...<br><br><br>Can't risk taking my suit off. If this is poison gas then it's probably still in the air. I might be the only one left alive, unless anyone else is suited. I have to go looking. There has to be someone else!<br><br><br>Wait... was this done deliberately? I know some of the Azimuth crew managed to escape. Have they got back onboard? Is this them retaking their ship? I should encode this log, in case they patch into my suit comms and track me. They might already know where I am.<br><br><br>But I'm just an engineer, that's all. I'll tell them. I'll tell them that Pharmasapien only brought my team along to keep the Hesperus operational after they took over, that's all. They won't kill me too. They're not murderers. They're not... not like us.<br><br><br>Log 4:<br><br><br>Introduction: This is the second of two encrypted logs made using an EVA suit's internal drive. No other logs or data were available aboard the Hesperus.<br><br><br>File contents:<br><br><br>Timestamp: 22/07/3113 13:08<br><br><br>I've found out what's happened. The original crew didn't come back, it's just... one woman did this. I'm looking at her body right now, poisoned like all the others. She's wearing a security uniform, ID badge says 'Velasco'. She must have been left behind. And she killed everyone on board.<br><br><br>I'm in the life support control centre. I realised how someone could have fed gas to all the living compartments - by feeding it through the primary atmospheric processors. And I was right. I can see the chemical tanks marked TOXIC... they're from the scientists' storage hold, I think... being piped into the ventilation network.<br><br><br>That's how she did it. Wiped out every living thing. Including herself.<br><br><br>Everyone but me.<br><br><br>I could tear this all down, but I can't decontaminate the entire ship. There'll be pockets of these chemicals lingering everywhere, and just a few breaths would be enough to...<br><br><br>My suit's running low on air. We have spare tanks, but how many? How long can I stay here? How do I... what do I do now?<br><br><br>What do I do?<br> |

### Warning!

| Log No. | ExpandLog Text |
| --- | --- |
| 1/1 | This is a message from the Scriveners Clan to all ships arriving in this area.
<br>Be warned! The Scriveners Clan does not communicate with outsiders. We will not initiate hostile action, but you are cautioned not to interfere with our procedures.<br> |

### Data Nodes

| Log No. | ExpandLog Text |
| --- | --- |
| 1/4 | Author: Dean-Colonel Thesilius<br>Department: Strategy College<br>Topic: Summary Report - Salvage Operation T009776/C<br>Content: The processing of imported materials from megaship H002255 has now entered its final phase. The last batch of heavy metals is en route to our matter-recycling printers, and all onboard data has been uploaded to the Knowledge Core.
<br>Over 88% of all components removed from the megaship were suitable for addition to our equipment stores. Compatibility issues are minor since H002255 originated from the same period as when our dredger was commissioned, approximately 440 semesters ago.<br><br><br>As a result, engineering repair capacity is projected to improve by 34%. Priority has been assigned to the recent infrastructure breaches in sections C9 and C10. Atmospheric containment in the citizen campuses suffered multiple localised failures, but resulted in only a 0.8% decrease in population.<br><br><br>Salvaging procedures were halted before commencement of stage seven (hull deconstruction) on orders from Lector-General Calligore. The continual influx of outsider ships in the system had increased risk assessments beyond tolerable levels.<br><br><br>My team has investigated reports that several uploads from the megaship became temporarily available via external ports. The disruption of our firewall grid was caused by the Knowledge Core being unable to auto-transcript four encrypted files. All data nodes have been locked to prevent any further access by outsiders, and the security risk remains low.<br> |
| 2/4 | Node 02<br>Status: Inactive<br>Drive input mode: Locked<br>Proximity alert: Type D [unidentified vessel]<br>Input detection: Positive<br>Signal preset 01D transmitting...<br>"This is a message from the Scriveners Clan. You are not authorised to access our systems. Our vessel is off limits to all outsiders and no communication is permitted. For your own safety, remove your ship from our vicinity immediately. Consider this to be an official warning." |
| 3/4 | Node 03<br>Status: Inactive<br>Drive input mode: Locked<br>Proximity alert: Type D [unidentified vessel]<br>Input detection: Positive<br>Signal preset 01D transmitting...<br>"This is a message from the Scriveners Clan. You are not authorised to access our systems. Our vessel is off limits to all outsiders and no communication is permitted. For your own safety, remove your ship from our vicinity immediately. Consider this to be an official warning." |
| 4/4 | Node 04<br>Status: Inactive<br>Drive input mode: Locked<br>Proximity alert: Type D [unidentified vessel]<br>Input detection: Positive<br>Signal preset 01D transmitting...<br>"This is a message from the Scriveners Clan. You are not authorised to access our systems. Our vessel is off limits to all outsiders and no communication is permitted. For your own safety, remove your ship from our vicinity immediately. Consider this to be an official warning." |

## Timeline

31 DEC 3307

- The last in a series that reviews the events of the past year, by noted historian Sima Kalhana.
"October brought further controversy for the Federation, when a diplomatic conference in the Delta Pavonis system was revealed to be a honey trap designed to capture Yuri Grom. Only a rush of support for EG Union allowed their ruler to escape, causing political embarrassment for President Hudson. There was more corporate drama when Zemina Torval relinquished her long-held majority sharehold of Mastopolos Mining, fuelling rumours of a family rift with her cousins. Torval Mining Ltd became a fully independent corporation run by her daughter Constantia. The Colonia Bridge project officially started the first of two phases this year which would see the construction of 56 megaships between the Alcor and Colonia systems. Brewer Corporation enjoyed great public support for improving this travel corridor along the 22,000 light year journey, and revealed plans to enhance it further in the new year. Hadrian Duval, his wife Lady Astrid and their unborn child were the specific targets of another starport bombing by the NMLA. It proved unsuccessful, but did result in the Imperial Senate offering them protection in order to secure the Duval bloodline. It also led to a manhunt for Theta Seven, the galaxy's most wanted terrorist. In November, Orion University claimed that the dredger occupied by the Scriveners Clan was legally their property, but the nomadic descendants of its original crew refused to give up their home. The stand-off caught the public attention, with some supporting the clan's right to independence and others keen to discover what their Knowledge Core contained. Ultimately the Scriveners retained their freedom, sailing off into the void with their secrets intact. Many were shocked when Admiral Tanner, Aegis's military chief, went rogue and tried to force access to a starport controlled by Salvation's allies. His conviction that the anti-xeno superweapons were responsible for provoking the Thargoids was, however, not enough to win the day. The NMLA threw everything they had at the Mudhrid system in an attempt to rescue Theta Seven, who was hiding among the Far God cult to avoid capture. But the terrorists were crushed by ACT and a coalition of ships, with Theta Seven martyring himself by destroying the hijacked megaship Sacrosanct. A happier event in December was the birth of Hector Duval, son and heir of Hadrian and Lady Astrid. There were celebrations across the Empire, but also questions asked about the future of the Duval dynasty and if the child might one day inherit the Imperial throne. The year ended as it had begun, with Thargoid vessels swarming into nebula systems. But with incursions steadily increasing over recent months, there were fears that this time they might prove unstoppable. Salvation's superweapons were once again deployed to halt the aliens' progress, but will they be enough to prevent the Thargoids from threatening humanity in 3308?"^[1]^

03 DEC 3307

- \*Pilots' Federation ALERT\*
The Scriveners Clan dredger has departed from the Oochost PC-C c29-0 system to an unknown destination. Freelance reporter Casey Kilpatrick provided a report for Vox Galactica: "After a coalition of supporters helped them to bypass Orion University's override codes, the Scriveners Clan has finally resumed their nomadic lifestyle. To its credit, the university has finally taken stock of public opinion and agreed not to pursue its ownership claims over the ancient dredger. Many in the scientific community have pointed out that the contents of the Knowledge Core, around which the Scriveners' entire culture is based, will now remain a mystery. There are rumours that this tribe of academic researchers have acquired data about the Guardians during their decades of wandering, which was perhaps the real prize sought by Orion University. Concerns have also been raised about the Scriveners' chances of survival if they encounter hostile forces. Had the Scientia Aeterna megaship been allowed to accompany the dredger, it could have offered protection or at least called for assistance. Now that the Scriveners Clan have resumed a solitary existence, their fate is once again entirely in their hands."^[2]^

25 NOV 3307

- \*Pilots' Federation ALERT\*
The Scriveners Clan dredger has been fully repaired, following twin initiatives in the HIP 43670 system. A campaign by supporters of the Scriveners Clan delivered emergency power cells, power converters and power transfer buses to the Alliance of HIP 42371 at Oramus Terminal. A spokesperson for the group announced: "As a result of our efforts, the dredger has received sufficient supplies to effect repairs. Most importantly, the new power systems mean it will shortly be able to bypass Orion University's override codes and be free to travel the galaxy once more." A parallel campaign by Orion University's partner Independent HIP 43670 Labour requested deliveries of anomalous bulk scan data, unusual encrypted files and unidentified scan archives to Shaara Gateway in HIP 43670. However, these were not sufficient to convince the nomadic tribe to agree to its offer of sharing future discoveries. Vice Chancellor Leland Pettigrew expressed his regret, but confirmed that Orion University will honour the outcome and withdraw its claim over the dredger. Contributors to both initiatives can now collect their rewards from Shaara Gateway or Oramus Terminal in the HIP 43670 system.^[3]^

18 NOV 3307

- \*Pilots' Federation ALERT\*
The HIP 43670 system is hosting two competing delivery initiatives, each of which aims to benefit the Scriveners Clan. Orion University has partnered with Independent HIP 43670 Labour, which is requesting deliveries of anomalous bulk scan data, unusual encrypted files and unidentified scan archives to Shaara Gateway in HIP 43670. The university's campaign was explained by Vice Chancellor Leland Pettigrew: "Although Dredger J-403 is legally our property, what we value most is the Scriveners Clan's dedication to deep-space research. To convince them of our noble intentions, we are donating scientific data and samples to their Knowledge Core. Our proposal is that they permit us to accompany them on their journey and share in any future discoveries." An alternative campaign is also taking place in the HIP 43670 system. Supporters of the Scriveners Clan are being asked to gather emergency power cells, power converters and power transfer buses and deliver them to the Alliance of HIP 42371 at Oramus Terminal. A spokesperson told the media: "These supplies are needed to perform vital repairs to the dredger. Furthermore, if the power systems are sufficiently updated, they can bypass the ancient components affected by Orion University's override codes and continue travelling independently." Although there remains no response from the Scriveners Clan, the dredger is now actively monitoring all local and interstellar transmissions. This is a new development for the isolated community, and suggests they are aware of these campaigns.^[4]^

15 NOV 3307

- Orion University has been informed that its ownership claim of the Scriveners Clan dredger is placing its population at great risk. In the Oochost PC-C c29-0 system, the university's megaship Scientia Aeterna has used override codes to prevent the dredger from departing. But the nomadic tribe's refusal to abandon their home has placed them under great pressure, as observed by freelance reporter Casey Kilpatrick: "Dredger-class bulk cruisers are the sharks of space – they must always keep moving, constantly gathering raw materials to synthesize into fuel, air and other resources. The Scriveners Clan remained stationary for months while salvaging the Hesperus, but in this system they are trapped without such vital intakes. Independent observers are now reporting malfunctions in the vessel's power and life support systems. If the Scriveners maintain their siege mentality, further mechanical failures are inevitable. Orion might inherit the dredger after all, but it will be a ship of the dead." Professor Elizabeth Perez, Orion University's head of anthropology, responded: "The last thing we wish is for any harm to befall these people. My colleagues are urgently discussing ways to convince the Scriveners Clan that we have their best interests at heart. After all, as fellow scientists and researchers, they are a living embodiment of our university's core values."^[5]^

09 NOV 3307

- The nomadic Scriveners Clan continues to resist Orion University's attempts to take possession of their dredger. Freelance reporter Casey Kilpatrick published an update from the Oochost PC-C c29-0 system: "Orion University's claim that the vessel is their property has been countered by Advocacy's reminder of laws preventing cultural contamination. So the question now is: who actually owns the dredger? Is it the families that have lived there for generations, or the organisation which originally built it? Various solutions have been proposed to resolve this stand-off. These include an offer from Canonn Interstellar Research Group to purchase the dredger from Orion University, gift it to the Scriveners Clan then publicly share the contents of their mysterious Knowledge Core. However, two centuries of isolation have instilled this academia-focused society with a pathological need to protect its research. They are no more likely to cooperate than a deeply religious nation asked to hand over its most holy artefact. Orion's megaship Scientia Aeterna is still transmitting requests to communicate. I have even seen one of its secondary craft narrowly avoid being consumed by the dredger's maw while searching for an access point. But the Scriveners are locked down tight, and this siege situation shows no sign of ending."^[6]^

01 NOV 3307

- The Scriveners Clan's legal ownership of their dredger has been supported by the civil rights organisation Advocacy. The ancient Dredger-class bulk cruiser, currently located in the Oochost PC-C c29-0 system, is inhabited by a nomadic tribe descended from the vessel's original crew. Orion University claims that the cruiser is its commercial property, but has failed to make contact with its occupants. Rhiannon Grady, director of Advocacy, explained: "For centuries, there has been widespread legislation to protect remote communities from cultural contamination. These laws apply to micro-societies, such as those found aboard generation ships, that evolved in isolation. Therefore, Orion University should not presume to deprive over ten thousand people of the only home they have ever known. Unlike cases such as the Golconda, which requested emergency assistance, in this case we are legally and morally obliged to respect the status quo." Professor Elizabeth Perez, head of anthropology at Orion University, responded: "I was involved with the Golconda aid efforts, and fully appreciate the delicacy of this situation. But the dredger's age and condition makes it a hazardous environment for its people. Evacuation should be considered for their own safety, with appropriate measures to minimise cultural disruption." The university's megaship, Scientia Aeterna, has halted attempts to gain access to the Scriveners Clan dredger. However, it has not withdrawn its remote override of the vessel's hyperdrive.^[7]^

22 OCT 3307

- The spacefaring tribe that lives aboard an ancient dredger has refused to allow Orion University to take possession of the vessel. Vox Galactica published an eye-witness account by freelance reporter Casey Kilpatrick from the Oochost PC-C c29-0 system: "Once the Scriveners Clan was found, it wasn't long before Orion University arrived. Their megaship, Scientia Aeterna, remotely disabled the dredger's hyperdrive using a series of override codes. These had been unearthed from the university's archives, along with evidence that the ship – commissioned in 3088 as Dredger J-403 – legally belongs to them. Despite being unable to escape, the Scriveners have made a stand. All requests to communicate were roundly ignored. I've watched several craft try to dock with the dredger, only to be met with sealed airlocks and an electrified hull. It's clear that these people are unwilling to give up their home simply because of centuries-old legislation. But it's also apparent that Orion University is interested in more than just reclaiming lost property... The Scriveners possess something that they refer to as a Knowledge Core, which contains everything that this scholarly society has learned during its long voyage. What discoveries might this database contain? And how far will the university go to get their hands on it?"^[8]^

18 OCT 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
The dredger inhabited by the nomadic Scriveners Clan has been found within the Oochost PC-C c29-0 system. Independent pilots conducted a search for the vessel in response to a request from Orion University, which claims that the Dredger-class bulk cruiser is its commercial property. Vice Chancellor Leland Pettigrew announced the operation's success: "Congratulations to the pilots who managed to locate Dredger J-403. The university will shortly dispatch a megaship to take ownership and arrange repatriation for its current occupants." The dredger is currently orbiting an ice world in the Oochost PC-C c29-0 system. It is believed to be collecting raw material from planetary rings to sustain its onboard systems, a design feature that allows it to remain self-sufficient indefinitely. There has been no communication with the Scriveners Clan, the spacefaring tribe descended from an academic institute that was later absorbed into Orion University. It is known that they shun contact with all outsiders to protect their Knowledge Core, a repository of research conducted over the past two centuries.^[9]^

14 OCT 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
Rewards are being offered by Orion University to locate the Scriveners Clan dredger, which it claims as its legal property. The self-sustaining Dredger-class bulk cruiser was launched two centuries ago by an academic institute that was later absorbed by the university. Since then the dredger has become the home for a nomadic tribe called the Scriveners Clan, which refuses contact with all outsiders. Vice Chancellor Leland Pettigrew told the media: "Orion University is willing to reward pilots who can pinpoint the dredger's current location. We believe it is still within 500 light years of the Perseus Dark Region KC-V c2-2 system. Pilots who are interested in helping should first dock at Ring Mine station in the 2MASS J03291977+3124572 system, to automatically sign up to the search operation. Our associates at the starport, Deep Space Mining, will provide further information including details of the reward."^[10]^

13 OCT 3307

- The ancient spacefaring home of the Scriveners Clan is the legal property of Orion University, according to newfound historical records. The Scriveners Clan is a nomadic tribe travelling onboard a self-sufficient Dredger-class bulk cruiser. Their society is descended from an academic organisation that sent out a research fleet two centuries ago. Unlike some dredger clans, they refuse to have any contact with outsiders. Vice Chancellor Leland Pettigrew of Orion University made this statement: "In the year 3088, Dredger J-403 was commissioned for an exploration mission by an academic institute named Scrivener College. This was absorbed into our university in 3125. Documents detailing these facts were recently discovered in our archives and verified by the courts. Therefore the dredger, including all of its contents, is legally owned by Orion University. Naturally we bear no ill will toward its current populace, but the vessel they inhabit has always been our commercial property." The Scriveners Clan dredger was last seen in the Perseus Dark Region KC-V c2-2 system, where it was salvaging the Hesperus megaship. On the 9th of July it made a hyperspace jump to an unknown destination within 500 light years. Orion University is the largest independent educational institution in the core systems, rivalled only by the Imperial Science Academy and Olympus Village University.^[11]^

09 JUL 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
The dredger belonging to the Scriveners Clan has left the Perseus Dark Region KC-V c2-2 system, where the Hesperus megaship is located. The 200-year-old 'ghost ship', once owned by Azimuth Biochemicals, was discovered in April when the nomadic clan began salvaging it for materials and data. Erik Gunnarson of the Wallglass Investigations Agency speculated: "When the Scriveners laid claim to the Hesperus, I expected only a cloud of fragments would remain. But their salvage operation has been prematurely abandoned, after stripping the megaship's innards and leaving behind a mostly intact hull. Why have they done this? Perhaps because this particular dredger clan avoids outsiders. Public interest in the Hesperus inspired thousands of curious travellers to see it for themselves, potentially drawing more scrutiny than the secretive tribe could bear. Alternatively, the Scriveners detected richer pickings elsewhere – either fresh resources for the dredger to consume or new information for their 'Knowledge Core'. In theory they could still be tracked down as their vessel's hyperdrive has a similar range to modern-day fleet carriers. We know very little about the Scriveners, and even less about other clans. However, with the recent appearance of the Blue Viper Club dredger at Kumo City, I'm hopeful more may be revealed about these roaming societies."^[12]^

11 JUN 3307

- \*Pilots Federation ALERT\*
Commanders in the Chukchan and Perseus Dark Region KC-V c2-2 systems have reported being contacted by 'Salvation'. The anonymous individual is known to have an interest in the Adamastor and the Hesperus, the 'ghost ships' within those systems. Both of the derelict megaships were operated 200 years ago by Azimuth Biochemicals. Commander Tyler Thorsen told Vox Galactica: "I was taking some sightseers on a trip round the Hesperus, and getting as close as I dared to the Scriveners Clan dredger. I scanned the tourist beacon for them, and suddenly received a direct message from this 'Salvation' guy. He asked me to track down some old signal beacons, which are listening posts configured to retransmit long-range comms. Apparently these could help locate the survivors from the megaship. But the Hesperus is ancient history. Surely there can't be anything or anyone left to find?" In April, 'Salvation' unofficially recruited independent pilots to locate the Hesperus, and to deliver its surviving logs to Taurus Mining Ventures. The Pilots Federation is running an inquiry into 'Salvation' and his associates. Commanders are being cautioned against undertaking tasks for what may be an illegal enterprise.^[13]^

27 APR 3307

- Francesca Wolfe of the Wallglass Investigations Agency examines the Hesperus megaship and the Dredger Clan that caused its recent discovery. "When the Adamastor derelict received a strange signal, smart money was on it originating from its sister ship, the Hesperus. Both were owned by Azimuth Biochemicals and had vanished 200 years ago. After a united effort to decode and trace the signal, independent pilots located the Hesperus in an asteroid belt around the second star of the Perseus Dark Region KC-V C2-2 system. Like the Adamastor, it was devoid of life – but not alone. Alongside it was a dredger, whose proximity had triggered the Hesperus's mayday. This was a rare sighting of a Dredger Clan, one of the nomadic tribes that Gunnarson recently discussed. The Scriveners Clan was originally a fleet of research vessels for a long-forgotten academic consortium. Over centuries they became a self-sufficient society, constantly acquiring materials and information. They're not aggressive, but shun outsiders and jealously guard their 'Knowledge Core'. I'm fascinated by mentions of research-sergeants and lector-generals, suggesting their culture is a merger of scholastic and military. With the Hesperus claimed as salvage by the Scriveners and its drives stripped, all chance of learning more was lost. Luckily, four encoded data files had resisted upload, and a gap in the dredger's antiquated firewalls allowed pilots to hack them. The decrypted logs have now been preserved for posterity in a nearby tourist beacon. They tell a disturbing story of corporate rivalry, murder and revenge, but also leave many unanswered questions... We know that survivors abandoned ship to continue searching for 'alien artefacts'. Did they all die in space or did they find something? What did Azimuth's probes detect back in 3113? And who the hell is 'Salvation', the shadowy figure who contacted pilots to find the Hesperus?"^[14]^

12 APR 3307

- Erik Gunnarson of the Wallglass Investigations Agency discusses the nomadic tribes that wander the galaxy in converted dredger megaships. "It's well known that there are many travelling communities – groups of people who prefer to live on the move rather than settle anywhere. Proudly independent, they survive on the fringes of civilisation and tend to avoid interacting with the authorities. Those commonly known as the Dredger Clans are among the most successful. Dredger-class bulk cruisers convert both natural and man-made minerals into raw resources, to sustain themselves on deep-space voyages. Improved hyperdrives and fuel-scooping systems made this design redundant long ago, but some were taken over by nomads and kept operational. These dredgers are now a type of generation ship. Each hosts tens of thousands of people, whose cultures have evolved – or devolved – over decades or centuries. Some are true loners while others have formed alliances, or occasionally gather to increase their gene pools. Typically these clans act as scavengers, quickly passing through systems to steal anything not locked down. Several take what they need in more aggressive ways, such as raiding unprotected outposts. A few have even darker reputations. I remember being told as a boy: 'If you don't behave, the Phagos take you away in your sleep and eat you up.' All my childhood nightmares came surging back when I discovered there may be some truth to that story. More recently, I've heard rumours that a rarely seen Dredger Clan has resurfaced. Naturally, Wolfe has rushed off to find out more. Hopefully she'll be able to increase our limited knowledge of these mysterious tribes."^[15]^