# White House
The **White House**, located in Olympus Village on Mars in the Sol system, is the official residence and workplace of the President of the Federation. The president holds press conferences and makes public statements from the White House. It is also used for formal dining, diplomatic receptions, social events, and other official functions.

The White House is the second such Federal government structure to go by this name, the first being the residence in Washington, D.C. originally used by presidents of the United States of America on Earth. The first White House remained in use after the United States evolved into the United States of the Americas and then the Federation until sometime after 2325, when it was vacated and the Federation moved its capital from Washington to Olympus Village.^[1]^

## Timeline

04 MAR 3308

- President Zachary Hudson has made a public broadcast regarding his proposal to remove the single-term limit of the Federal presidency. Speaking from the White House on Mars, he directly addressed the anxiety that citizens have expressed about the Hudson Contravention: "If Congress agrees to temporarily suspend the 77th amendment of the Federal Accord, it will mean that I become eligible to stand for election again in 3309. It does not guarantee that I – or any future president – can remain in office indefinitely. Furthermore, the Republican Party will be able to field other electoral nominees, as will the Liberal Party and any independent candidates. As always, the votes of the people will determine who forms our government. I strongly believe that our constitution is robust enough to accommodate changes such as this, especially during these trying times. The Federation remains a place of democracy and freedom, not dictatorship." President Hudson also called for an end to the recent violence seen at public demonstrations on many Federal worlds. Several cities have witnessed aggressive clashes between Hudson's supporters and those of Shadow President Felicia Winters.^[2]^

31 AUG 3304

- In May, a criminal organisation known as the Socho Gold Raiders assumed control of the Socho system, headquarters of Aegis Core. Since then the system has descended further into chaos, culminating in the loss of services at Dantec Enterprise due to Thargoid sensor-related interference. This in turn led to the temporary immobilisation of Aegis's Eagle Eye network, a system of orbital installations designed to determine potential Thargoid attack sites. In the wake of this calamity, Federal President Zachary Hudson has announced that Aegis Core is to relocate from Socho to the Federal home system of Sol. In a statement broadcast directly from the White House on Mars, Hudson said: "Recent events in Socho have taught us that no matter the scale of the Thargoid threat, there will always be those more interested in fighting their fellow man than engaging the enemy. Let me be clear: we are at war. The weakening of our defences cannot be tolerated. I have therefore agreed that Aegis Core will relocate to the Sol system, where it can be properly protected. Aegis has been charged with defending humanity, and any attempt to undermine it is nothing less than an act of treason."^[3]^

30 AUG 3304

- The date of Princess Aisling Duval's wedding to Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester has passed without comment from either party. Entertainment journalist Solomon Helios discussed the situation: "Public reaction to the cancelled wedding has ranged from outrage to delight. Jasmina Halsey expressed regret at a 'lost opportunity for long-term peace', while Senator Zemina Torval called it 'the mercy killing of a catastrophically bad idea'. With no word from the Imperial Palace or the White House, it's easy to imagine both Emperor Arissa and President Hudson breathing sighs of relief. But the silence from Aisling Duval and Jordan Rochester rings loudest. What might they be feeling? Was their relationship terminated against their wishes? Did it ever really exist? Naturally I invited the princess to tell her story, but her previous openness is apparently a thing of the past. The Rochester family is also shying away from the media. Jarl Toredo, whose alleged affair with Aisling apparently derailed the marriage, has vanished from public sight. Was this a tragic love triangle, or just a political chess game? We may never know. But what's certain is that, before long, Aisling Duval will put these failures behind her and be back in the spotlight where she belongs."^[4]^

23 JUN 3304

- Princess Aisling Duval has made an unexpected announcement regarding her relationship with Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester. At a press conference in her palace on Emerald, the princess looked radiant as she addressed the media: "It's no secret that Jordan and I grew close during his official visit. The time has come to let you know that we are to be husband and wife. I'm aware that some will see this as unorthodox, even controversial, but love knows no borders. It's our wish that our marriage will build lasting bridges between the Empire and the Federation." A statement from Ambassador Rochester appeared in a special edition of The Federal Times: "Representing the Federation has been my life's work, but meeting Her Highness – Aisling – made me realise that being by her side means even more. We hope that our betrothal will usher in a new era of cooperation between the two superpowers." Among the media reactions was this from entertainment journalist Solomon Helios: "I've been reporting on Princess Duval's romantic life for a while now, and even I didn't see this coming. Can Aisling really pull this off? Could a Federation gentleman actually marry into the Imperial family? Will Emperor Lavigny-Duval and President Hudson share a dance at the wedding, or will they step in to prevent this union from taking place? The galaxy might never be the same again!" As yet there has been no official comment from the Imperial Palace or the White House.^[5]^

16 SEP 3303

- Over the past few months, several reports have surfaced of Federal convoys coming under fire in the Maia system. While circumstantial evidence strongly suggested Thargoid involvement, the Federation declined to comment, saying only that the matter was "under investigation". But fresh reports indicate that another attack, resulting in the loss of a Farragut-class Battlecruiser and a number of other vessels, has recently taken place. In a galaxy-wide announcement, the Federation confirmed that the attack was perpetrated by Thargoid Interceptor-class vessels, as corroborated by those who survived the assault. Chief of Federal Security Admiral Aden Tanner issued the following statement: "Since we cannot communicate with the Thargoids, and cannot therefore determine the motive for this attack, it cannot be considered an act of war in the conventional sense. Nevertheless, I can confirm that the Thargoids are now considered an enemy of the Federation." Admiral Tanner's statement was swiftly followed by a public address from Federal President Zachary Hudson, speaking from the White House on Mars. "Like many others, I hoped that the Thargoids would prove to be peaceful. Today I am forced to concede that my optimism was misplaced. What I say now, I say to every citizen of the Federation: Action will be taken. I have given Admiral Tanner total authority over this matter, and extended to him the full resources of the Federal Navy. I have every confidence that he will address this threat to the Federation."^[6]^

03 SEP 3302

- The leaders of the galaxy's major powers have responded to the discovery of a mysterious shipwreck in the Pleiades Sector AB-W B2-4 system. Speaking from the Imperial Palace on Capitol, Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval said: "This is a potentially momentous discovery that could signify the dawn of a new era. I speak for all Imperial citizens when I say that the Empire faces this new era with optimism." Meanwhile, Federal President Zachary Hudson released a statement from his office at the White House on Mars: "Like many of you, I have watched this story unfold with mounting astonishment. I want to assure all Federal citizens – and, indeed, all members of the galactic community – that the Federation is ready for whatever lies ahead." Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon struck a more measured tone in his statement: "The discovery is unquestionably a remarkable one, but at this stage it would be irresponsible to speculate on its implications. I will say only that, at this point in time, the need for solidarity has never been greater. It is my sincerest wish that the human race moves forward as one, united in purpose and philosophy."^[7]^

29 SEP 3301

- President Hudson responded today to Shadow President Winters's call for investigating the allegations raised by the Federal Times. In a press conference at the White House on Mars, he said: "The allegations raised by the Federal Times are indeed grave and I have already instructed the responsible agencies to pursue the evidence and determine its veracity. If the evidence proves to be true then the wrongdoers will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law." When asked by reporters which agency would be responsible for the investigation, he replied that the Federal Security Service would act as the lead agency, but resources from any law enforcement agency would be available to assist. Shadow President Winters was quick to respond to the President's announcement: "While it is good to see the President responding to genuine concerns, I can't help but notice that he is ignoring our call for an open investigation."^[8]^